Welcome to the Startup Grime. So those of you who don't know, Convoy has done some amazing things over the last 14 months. Very young company, but they've raised a few million dollars and actually started to make some headway. We have the CEO tonight of Convoy. So without any further time and ado, I'm going to welcome to the stage Dan Lewis from Convoy. Thank you. It's always great. Thank you. All right, is this on or should I use this? No, it's actually using both. All right. We'll do one for make sure that we don't miss anything. That sounds good. Hi. So again, for those of you who have not been to a Startup Grime event, which many of you have not, this is really just a fireside chat. It really is a conversation just between Dan and I. So like I said, if you need to get up to go to the restroom or get a glass of wine, feel free to do that. You're not going to interrupt us whatsoever. We'll take questions, you know, sometime in the next 40 minutes or so. So feel free to ask questions. We'll have time for that. And, you know, hopefully we'll get out here a few minutes after 8 and get you on your way. So sit back, relax, enjoy yourself, and listen and learn. So, Dan, thanks for being here. Yeah, thanks for having me up here. Yeah. I like the fire. It's really nice. Yeah, it's nice, isn't it? It's warm. Yeah. I was the first chapter that said... It's bigger than I expected. Yeah. I was the first chapter to get a fireplace by the chair, so it works well. Well, let's just start off with, you know, the basic stuff people can look up on the Internet. I'm not going to ask you stuff like that kind of things, but tell us, you know, 14 months is long ago. I mean, 14 months is like that, right? It's done, right? And tell us kind of the steps you went through to just kind of get the ball started. And, you know, you can be kind of long-winded if you have to, but what steps did you take to kind of get from idea stage, which is, hey, I got this idea, I know I've vetted it, some customers said, hey, this, you know, I think I would use this, it makes some sense. And then getting to, like, okay, I got to hire people, I've got to start the ball rolling. Tell us kind of some steps you took to get there. Yeah, absolutely. So people who know me for a long time know that I've, you know, considered starting different companies a lot of different times. And I was at Amazon before I started Convoy. And I remember going to my boss, and I was like, I'm going to go be a CEO and start a company. And she was like, you're crazy. Like, it's the hardest job in the world. Why would you want to do that? And honestly, a big part for me was I just knew that's where I got my energy and passion. I wanted to build things. So I didn't actually have, I had a bunch of ideas I'd been noodling on for maybe six months before I left Amazon. But I didn't have the idea solidified. And one of my, kind of a friend of mine, a guy who started a company called Wavy back in the day and sold to Google. I was doing that with him. He was like, yeah, you know, the number one thing you need to know if you're ever trying to start a company is you just have to quit your job. You can't do it on the side of your desk. It'll never actually happen. You'll never get the traction. Nobody will invest in you. And so, you know, we went back and forth on a couple of ideas early. And then I actually, in February, a couple of months before we actually founded Convoy, or at that point it was called Gray Point. It was like a fake name we came up with just to open a bank account. We didn't have Convoy yet. I quit Amazon, and I had two different ideas. One was related to retail, kind of mobile retail, based on some of the things I learned at Amazon and some other things. And the other one was in trucking and in logistics. And I, the motivation for that came from my background is actually a lot of it's in technology and some of the retail. And I'd done a bunch of work in supply chain as well. Some work for the Panama Canal, actually. I went to Spain and did some work getting an airline off the ground with parts and maintenance and their supply chain, similar things with United Airlines in the U.S. And some work with Boeing. And so, had that visibility. And one of the earliest investors that I had been working with as a mentor, Hadi Partovi, had said, you know, you should keep looking at that logistics and trucking thing. So, when I quit Amazon, I had these two ideas, and I honestly just went, I went gorilla. Like, I just started talking to people. That's all I knew how to do. I was like, I have, you know, I have a wife. I have two kids. My wife's at home with the kids. I was like, I'm not going to go. I'm taking a big risk here. I'm just going to jump out of my job. I'm going to go for it. But how do I minimize the length of time I'm going to go between doing that and being able to go raise money? And I realized it really came down to, you know, how do I validate the idea as fast as possible? So, that I can get, have a really credible story. How do I validate the idea so that I can go to, you know, the investors, the engineers that I know? I'm not a software manager myself. My co-founder is. But go to, you know, and go and hire, get engineers working for us. How do you get to there as fast as possible? And so, that was just honestly walking into warehouses. I went on LinkedIn and looked up every single person in the trucking industry and cold in-mailed them. And then they would talk to me and they'd introduce me to three other people. Kept doing that. Got kicked out of the Whole Foods warehouse down in Soto. They just buzzed me in. I was like, all right. So, I started walking around. I went to truck stops up in Marysville, some down south, and just hung out. It was super awkward at first. But, you know, I was like, I'm just going to walk up to truckers that are walking between their truck and the diner and be like, how do you like your life? What do you like? What do you not like? Because at that point, I knew trucking was a massive industry. It's about $800 billion spent on trucking transportation just in the United States per year for commercial trucking. But there are so many areas, right? You could build natural drivers. You could build, like, you know, software to help them price. All these different things you could build. So, it was just about grinding it out, honestly, getting my hands dirty. And I spent six weeks just completely in full, like, research mode, both in that and the retail one. For the retail one, it was actually targeted to college students. So, I went and bought a bunch of Starbucks $5 gift cards, got a clipboard, printed, like, a questionnaire, put on a shirt that didn't make me look sketchy. And then went to a bunch of community colleges and just interviewed tons of students, you know, and just did the same thing. About how do you shop? Show me your phone. How do you shop on your phone? Walk me through the apps you use and just kept doing that. So, honestly, the steps I took to get going were just get, start doing it and start meeting everybody that I needed to know. To form that concept and idea. So, that when I went to investors, I could say, look, I just spent six weeks talking to a hundred people. Here are all the stories. Here's what I learned. Here's what I learned. Here's what they told me to do. Really, really helped. It changed the entire conversation from I have an idea to every time there was a question, I could pull an anecdote. I didn't have data yet, but I had anecdotes. Yeah. And that changed all of the fundraising conversations. And then we, then in April, we really committed to the idea, had a few engineers we'd been working with, actually, and had to, we went and started pitching it. Put together, you know, our deck and started going in. And Hadi Partubu and his brother, Ali Partubu, who were our first investors. Sure. Fantastic. So, yeah. So, that's not a bad thing. No, they're great. Yeah. All I'm saying was, like, yeah, you get those two guys, you can probably get a couple entries into other places. That's right, so, yeah, that certainly helped, and give them a lot of credit for that. Yeah, exactly. But, you know, it was that, and then it was the fact that it was, it was an idea that was really compelling. And I've had a lot of ideas. My wife had to hear probably dozens of ideas over the years, like, what do you think of this one, you know? Usually they start out, and some of their friends in my career, they start out, you know, sounding really good in my head. Sure. And then by, like, the seventh conversation. Yeah, it's just horrible. Like, oh, I guess that wasn't a good idea. Yeah. This is one where, by the seventh conversation, I was like, wow, it's actually better than I thought. And then it just kept getting better, and maybe I can give a little bit of context about, you know, specifically what it is in a second. But really, it just was guerrilla research that got me to the point that investors would really want to have that conversation. And that's how, you know, someone like Hadi has a lot of opportunities where he can invest, and demonstrating the level of, like, commitment and passion to quit your job, and I guess just spend six weeks in the trenches accelerating the process and getting that data to have that conversation is what gets people excited, I think, about putting money behind somebody. Because they know they're going to go do it. Yeah, yeah, exactly. You've already experienced that. I think that one of the things that when I talk to, you know, entrepreneurs, younger entrepreneurs is they talk to two of their friends, and they think that's a great idea. At that point, instead of going to the next level of talking to a hundred strangers, because the thing is, you shouldn't talk to your friends. You should talk to people that don't know you, because friends will lie to you to be nice to you. So friends are bad, bad customer validation. Don't talk to your friends. Talk to your non-friends. Those people I talked to early on became customers later, which is great. Because then you can go back to them and say, hey, man, you're so hopeful to me. You're this crazy guy, exactly. Thank you so much for your help. Why don't I show you what we actually built? Oh, it works, cool. And then, you know, it's an easier sell than actually trying to sell them. Yeah, because like, hey, you're the crazy guy that came out to me in the truck stop. Yeah, exactly. So what did you want to be when you were growing up? That's really funny. I think I knew I didn't want to be a doctor. So you were going to the other side, like, here's what I don't want to do. I know, he's at UW Medicine, so he's going to be a doctor. I just remember that growing up. I was like, you know what, a lot of things I want to do. And I always hear people saying, I want to be a doctor or something. And I was like, I just don't want to be a doctor. I don't know why. It was like the one thing I remember from childhood was I didn't want to be a doctor when I grew up. And I was pretty sure I wanted to either be a teacher, actually. When I was graduating from college, the two things I was most interested in were becoming a Spanish teacher. I lived in Chile for a year. Ended up working in Spain and Mexico and Panama for a little while after that. So either there was going to be a teacher or I was going to get into business and go try to solve problems and build things in business. And so I ended up taking that path initially. Maybe I'll go back to teaching at some point. Those are the two things that I think I probably want to do. You get older. Yeah. What do you do for fun? I bought my five and seven-year-old daughter's walkie-talkies, which they got yesterday. So we played walkie-talkies last night. That was fun. So I guess, honestly, I spent a lot of time playing with my kids. I took them, I literally bought a raft, pumped it up, and went down rapids up in the Skakomish River last weekend with them. So they trusted me to do that. And just getting outside and playing with my kids and then building Convoy. Those are the fun things I spend in my family and my life, which is where I spend my time. Is there such a thing as work-life balance in a startup, in your position? Do you think you're doing a good job? I don't know if, I mean, I should have asked. I mean, I should have asked. I think that the, I think it's really hard. So one thing I've realized, and that she was probably pointing out before I did, is in, I've worked at a bunch of other companies that had, you know, where I worked really hard. I think just personally, I always work really hard, so that's just how I've been, but I've worked in, you know, everything from, you know, other startups to services, businesses like management consulting to larger technology companies. And all of them, I feel like I put in similar amounts of time, at least for the majority of the time. Yeah. But the mental commitment to it and the position in terms of, especially being, I think, a CEO and a founder is, I'm never not thinking, it's really hard to not think about it, right? So that's why it's great to have the distractions and, like, the focus of the other activities and kids and families, right, go into that world, but it's hard to just, to let it go. So I think you have to find the balance in terms of just time, and the hardest, it's not really about time, it's about the attention. How do you not attend to that when you're not at work, right? Yeah, yeah. Mentally processing things. Like, how do you actually let that go and then just focus on other things? So that's probably the harder part. So how'd you make that transition from being a non-CEO? Because this is the first time you were a real CEO, right? So. Was I a fake CEO before? Yeah. That's what I'm saying. No, you weren't a CEO before. Yeah, I've never been a CEO before. Yeah, so now you're a real CEO. So what was that transition like? Was there anything like you, like, holy crap, I just didn't expect this? Or was there something that you, was a surprise? Yeah, I didn't know what it was going to be like, and I couldn't have predicted it before I did it, probably. And I think that it's also because it's gone so fast. Like, I wasn't, like, I've been a CEO of a company that has gone from zero to, you know, 45 people or so, and we've raised about $19 million in just about a year. Exactly. Which is really quite fast. It's been really fast. So I think that I didn't know what that would be like going into it. And it's, I couldn't have predicted it. It actually made me think at one point, I was like, I don't think humans are very good at empathy. I don't think you can actually understand what someone's really going through until you do it yourself in any category. And when I had kids, the first time I was like, okay, I never could have expected what that was like. And then doing this, like, couldn't have predicted that. So I just kind of come to the conclusion now that you can't actually predict things. You don't know what they feel like until you do them. This is certainly in that category. Yeah. Yeah, it's not like you can, oh, it's just like this. It's really hard. There's no analogy that makes sense. Does that make sense? Yeah. Yeah. You went to Yale, right? Did you pick Yale? Or did Yale pick you? Or why Yale? Or what was the, why Yale? Interesting. This is going my way back now. So there were two things. One is I actually applied to 10 colleges. I was really into film. I thought film would be really kind of cool to go get into. I actually worked for the, you know, I was the assistant to the director of the film department at Yale for a while. I was part of the production team there. Studied that for a while. I think it was, so one of the reasons was it was a school that I filmed department. That was like a checklist for me. And then I went to Inglemore High School. So I actually went to a public high school on the east side over in Kenmore. And I knew I'd heard of, you know, some of the Ivy League schools and, you know, knew it was going to be a great opportunity. It wasn't something I was kind of inundated with growing up. It's pretty far away. It wasn't a big part of my life or thinking. I wasn't planning for that. I did some things really successfully in high school that kind of set me up to have a lot of options for college. And then I had a great mentor and a teacher who literally took me aside when I told him that I got in there. And I was thinking about going to a bunch of other places. He was just like, Dan, like, you don't know this, but you should really go there. And then, you know, my parents were like, well, you need to make the decision because they've always been really much about, you know, they've always been really focused on just encouraging me to think about things and then make the right decision. Yeah. And so I was evaluating a lot of things and this teacher was like, no, no, you should just go there. Like, what are you doing? There is no decision here. And because of the opportunity was really, really significant going there and just having that exposure. Sure. And it was great. I think I probably would have had, you know, a very similar life and very similar outlook no matter where I went to college. anywhere, but I think it did give me some, it just, it pushed me pretty hard and made me aspire. Yeah. And why, I mean, you jumped from, I think you went into consulting, right, to consulting fairly early on? Hold on. No, I spell that. Yeah, so I went to consulting. Yeah. Yeah. And was that, again, was that by design or is like, hey, I just need to do something because I don't know really what I want to do yet? Um, I really, I, I like business. Like in, in high school, I, you know, competed nationally and I think I won the state a couple times in DECA, which is like a business competition. Sure. Um, really liked that. You know, my dad, uh, worked for small business. I worked for the small business growing up. Um, his father had started that in Seattle. Um, and so that actually involved doing deliveries as well with a big van. So I kind of got some exposure to bills of lading and trucking and packing and delivery routes. Um, and so I think that just doing, you know, getting into business and thinking about building a company and how to make companies successful was something that I was really interested in. And then I also really liked the idea of teaching and coaching. I thought that was kind of a, something I enjoyed doing. Um, so those are the two things. And, you know, I mean, I'll be really honest, like the, I didn't know which one to do. It was a, it wasn't like an obvious decision for me. I think you kind of look at that time in your life, in my life, I was 22. I just go back from Chile. I lived in Chile for a year, came back to the U.S. Like, should I go speak Spanish or should I go into business? And it was 2003, so the economy kind of sucked coming out of, you know, the first tech bubble bursting. Yeah. And, uh, I had a dean at Yale and he basically said, look, let me teach you this thing called option value. Um, and, you know, he basically said, if you go do management consulting right now, you can have, the odds of you being able to go be a teacher later are really high. Yeah. If you go do a teaching right now, the odds of being able to go into management consulting later are really low. So, if you're not sure which one you want to do, pick the one that has more option value. So, that was actually probably the, that was probably the decision point. I was like, that makes a lot of sense. I'll go do that. Exactly. Uh, and then, you know, I, I really enjoyed it, so. Sure. Uh, and, uh, brother, what, family, what's your family? Brothers, sisters? I have a pretty big family, actually. I have three brothers and one sister. So, which, which is the oldest brother? Me. Okay. Who's your second oldest? Who's