sales rep or I can't touch and feel this thing before I buy it. So how do I get past that? Well, customer confidence comes from validation via other customers, social proof, right? And ratings, things like that. And that was the problem they were solving. And then they came up with the reviews as the solution. But then they called the team reviews. And then everyone they ever hired from there on out was hired to the reviews team. And so every goal they set was how do we make reviews go up and to the right? And more reviews in more countries and more platforms with higher quality and less fraud and everything like that. Reviews are incredibly valuable, right? One of the most innovative and amazing things Amazon did was bring reviews to sort of retail. But it also limited the ability to think about how to solve that problem. And so if you forget about the problem you're originally solving and you focus on improving the solution, you may actually miss like five other amazing opportunities. So then Amazon went back to the problem. And now you have things like ask a question on a product for Amazon to get an answer from another customer. That came out of this discussion, right? Other similar things like fit. Like how do I see if the clothes fit me or not? Does this run big, run small? Those sorts of things came out of revisiting the problem of customer confidence. And those all happened in the last, you know, few years. And that is something I'm taking to heart at Convoy. Every time we're working on product and process, we need to remember it's important for people in the company to push back and say, I think we're too obsessed with this solution right now. Sure. What was the problem you started with? Yeah. And if you, like I want people to ask me that. If I'm like going down on some solution, like, damn, what was the problem? Are you sure this solved the problem? And I think we're doing okay. Like we need to make that more of the culture. It's hard to build these things in the culture. But like that is something that's super important. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. That's actually quite good. Good for you. I mean, seriously, I mean, I hear a lot of stuff sometimes, but that's quite good. Pat yourself on the back or something. Maybe I should keep this job for a while. Exactly. You should keep this job for a while. What was your biggest fear when you started Convoy? My biggest fear is that nobody would ever use it to ship a product. I had that fear up until we had the first product or the first shipment. Yeah. It was actually our first customer. It was a company called Guided Products. I'll actually give them a little plug because they're great. If you're ever ordering anything that's printed off supplies, whatever, they're down in Kent. They do a fantastic job. You order it online. But they were our very first customer, and they were shipping, I think, a couple pallets of paper, printed paper materials between their facility and another facility in the greater Puget Sound region. And until that moment, I think we spent four months building the product. We got the engineering team together April, May, and then built the MVP to launch with customers in the end of August and beginning of September. And until we actually had that first shipment, I just was like, man, what if nobody ever uses this? Built the whole thing, and then everyone's going to look at it and say, eh, I got a truck. I'm pretty happy. I don't need this. And everybody else lied to me along the way that they needed it. So that was my biggest fear. What's been your biggest mistake so far? I say so far because you want to make another one. I think probably our biggest mistake, I should have a good answer because I've already been asked this question twice today. Have you? I think the biggest mistake, we probably, one of the things I would do differently, let me say that, because it's hard to, I don't, in hindsight, it's hard to know, was, actually, I'll give a really clean example, then I'll sell one a little bit more bigger. A really clean one was we assumed we could give drivers phones. Give them phones. Yeah. Turns out that you can't just give drivers phones because they don't, unlike, we thought Uber gave drivers phones, so why don't we give drivers phones? And when we first started this, you know, it was maybe 80-ish, 85% of truck drivers had smartphones. It's actually much higher now, so the problem's pretty much solved. But we built only for Android initially. We didn't build for iOS. We're trying to get onto the market as fast as possible, and most of the drivers we talked to had Android phones. So we said, if you have an iPhone, we'll just give you an Android phone, until we build an iPhone app. And, you know, an Uber driver is always focused on their phone 100% of the time, right? They're either doing a job right now, or they're waiting for the next job, and then they turn it off, and they're done working. Whereas a trucker is doing a job right now, but getting a notification for a job that starts tomorrow from convoy, right? So they're going to use their whatever phone they already have to have phone calls with their manager and their dispatcher as the default, and they're not going to look at the other phone until the end of the day, because it's not real-time, right? So Uber's real-time. We're not real-time in terms of most of the jobs we do. So I think that actually, if we'd had the insight earlier, it would have saved us a little bit of energy. We were able to recover pretty quickly by building an iOS app really quickly after we realized this. But that was a very not obvious up front to us, and we almost went down the wrong path of investing in the wrong things from an engineering perspective that we had to then shift over and do iOS quickly. So that was a very specific, like, we actually did the wrong thing at first, the wrong strategy, we fixed it. I think the second thing, which is more ambiguous, is I probably would have, I don't know if I would have built every piece. So we actually were pretty, for example, when we have an app for truck drivers and carriers, trucking companies, and we have a web experience for shippers. We didn't go build a web experience for trucking companies, and we didn't build an app for shippers. We could have built one for either, because they both wanted both. But one was much more relevant. So our MVP included one of each, right? And we did the other stuff on the back end. I may have even, for the MVP, done less. Like, really, like, just picked one thing to automate and to build with technology, and then done that one, maybe just the carrier experience, and then everything else manually. Oh, okay. And it's something that I kind of knew going in, because I had a background in machine learning. When you're trying to build something, you want to use humans. You want to do it with humans first, figure out the use case, the scenario, then build it with technology, so you get it right. It's very similar here, and I think that it's just advice for anybody who's going out and looking to build a company, is it's completely okay to use manual solutions to a problem up front to make sure you've nailed the scenarios, and to not fragment your management bandwidth and your engineering bandwidth across too many problems at once. So pick, you know, let's say there are five things that have to happen for your transaction to occur, or whatever it is. Figure out the two, maybe, that are the most important, and build those really well up front, if you can get away with it, and do the other ones manually, and therefore you'll probably have a really good solution to that first one before you then go build everything else. You'll learn a lot before you invest the time and energy in building the software. Yeah, do things behind the curtain, so to speak. That's really quite helpful, especially at the MVP stage, because you'll screw it up anyway. It's going to be wrong if you, until you get a lot of iterations. Yeah, actually, one of the engineers, Alex, Alex on our team, he, when we were building, again, we did it fast. It was four months to build our MVP, so it was like, they worked really hard and got it done. Whenever he came to me, he was like, let's just get this out the door so we can figure out what the hell, you know, we should actually be building. Sure, technically. We don't even know we're building, Alex. Let's get this out the door, and then we'll go build the right thing. Turned out it was actually the right thing. He's a smart guy. Yeah, he's a smart guy. Turned out we actually, I think we're really fortunate, and the thing we built was end-to-end. We built the whole experience with technology in a self-service and automated way, and then it worked, so that's why, you know, two and a half months later, we were able to go do the fundraise. Well, it was because you'd done so much research up front. I think we'd done a lot of research, but, you know, we could have, yeah, we did a lot of research. It lowered the risk. There was still risk. Yeah, yeah, exactly. If I asked your wife what's your biggest mistake, what would she tell me? Same thing? She probably wouldn't talk about that iOS versus Android trade-off. Maybe she would. Just give me a look. Yeah, I think. There's no big personnel mistakes that cost you, none of those. You mean just hiring? Yeah, like hiring the wrong person? We've done that. Yeah. And it's tough. I mean, obviously, I think we were just, you know, this actually happened recently, where we had somebody go, and we were having, you know, the conversation I want to have, and what we've been talking about is we shouldn't just look at that as something that happened and that will happen again. And it will, but we should look at it as we need to get better. Like, that means we weren't thinking about everything correctly and we weren't, we made a mistake at some point along the way or there was something that went wrong, and let's really understand what happened so that either we hire differently in the future or we develop differently or we set up something differently so we can, you know, make sure it doesn't happen again. And so I think it is important in a startup to always move quickly and make decisions quickly and you do, you know, obviously not everyone's going to work out long term because the companies are shifting and people shift. So that's necessary, but it doesn't mean it's like this inevitability that you should just live with. You should actually try to get better and reduce it in the future. Yeah. It's painful no matter what. Yeah, I mean, when you're a 10 person, 20 person, even 30 person and you have one or two bad hires, that's a big deal. I mean, because it affects the team. Yeah. That's right. I mean, there are a couple other things that are things I would do differently as well that I actually don't want to share because I think they're really fundamental insights to this business that I've since corrected, but I don't necessarily want to say, hey, everybody, go correct these things. Yeah, exactly. You're doing wrong. Yeah, exactly. Or that you should maybe think about for your next, you know, thing you do. So I'll come back to that later. Yeah, exactly. What do you think is one of the keys to, you know, that work backwards process you use to get investors, which is probably not a normal thing for most people, at least doing that process. What do you think was kind of some of the keys to getting that investment? I mean, because, I mean, you had a rock star, I mean, I mean, you got a rock star team that put money into you. So something that said, one, obviously the problem's a big problem, but two, something about you and your team, right? So what are those things that you could share and maybe help someone else be smart at in the raising money process that maybe, you know, sure, you know, having Hattie as an initial guy is a great help, but what are some things that you could share that helped you get one, amazing investors, but two, attract other amazing investors? Because you can get one amazing investor, but when you get four or five, I mean, there's something, something's going right. Do you know what it is or is it just, just because, there is some luck too, I know that. Yeah, it's hard to really dissect it completely. So that was the seed, that was our seed round. Like we, you know, I have Graylock and Reed Hoffman and Simon Rothman are also amazing investors that came in for our A, but I think you're referring more to the seed round where it was a lot of angel investors. Yeah, here's what I learned from that. There is, you know, it does, it's the network and the relationships help. Sure. And that was powder I saved up for a long time. Like I was, I was working on making sure that we could put together the right team to go raise money and I'll talk about that in a second. Internal consistency. Storytelling and internal consistency were two of the most important things that I came away with, which is, I think you've probably all heard this before, but if you're raising money, telling a story is really important. Absolutely critical. It's everything. Like the whole deck needs to be a story and you don't, the deck doesn't need to be super detailed at that phase when you're raising a seed round. It really needs to be the story and you need to be able to tell the story and not look at your slides and like, the slide should be the background and you're telling a story to the person you're talking to and you're looking at them and telling them the story, right? I just want to point out they don't remember anything but the story. That's right. Just remember when you're pitching people, they don't remember your facts and figures. They remember the story. They remember if you're passionate, they remember how energetic you are and then they remember the story. So the deck we had was pretty, it was really good I think. It was actually, obviously, we got really good feedback on it. We got really good feedback on it and there were a couple of particular ways we represented the industry and the story that were really unique ways to represent it but the deck was constructed as a way for me to tell a story and so that was really important and then it was internal consistency which is if I'm saying I'm going to go do something and the story says, the story basically tells us, the story says this is the problem in the world that we need to go solve and here's where we're going to go solve it. And then the internal consistency is that you can immediately go to here's how I'm going to do it and that was the anecdotes and the team and so when it came to the team and this was really well, we thought through this a lot. We basically assumed that if we're going to go raise that angel around there are three things that really matter. One is the person you're speaking with has to believe that you are passionate about it you're committed to it which means you're not working anywhere else right now you're committed to it you're going to do it this isn't like you're trying to get their money and then decide to do it you're already doing it. If they don't think you're already doing it it's really hard. So one is just commitment and passion that you're going to go do it and then they're going to believe in you because they're going to get excited about it the conversation with you. That was one. Two is the opportunity obviously matters the person has to believe this is a credible opportunity. Now most of the people you're going to talk to are not experts in the thing you're doing so that's where the story comes in and helping them understand and getting them there but they need to believe it's a credible opportunity. A lot of people I've talked to about founding companies do the first pretty well like they'll come up with a great story they'll quit their job and they'll go after it and then they'll have an idea that seems pretty compelling. What's hard often is can you go do it? Do you have four engineers or two engineers committed and working on this right now with you or if I give you the money is there now risk you're never going to be able to go hire the team to deliver on this? And so I think how do you de-risk that third one? You de-risk it through getting people active and involved in it early on and the way that we did that with Convoy was we did the homework I have a guy on my team that's always like A players do their homework he says that all the time and it's so true we went and did the homework we spent we were in the field we got all the data and the numbers and whatever we can do a ton of online research to come up with that story so I'm not just selling investors I'm selling other people who want to quit their jobs and come do this employees and people who want to maybe give me half their time to kind of help me get off the ground we had five or six people working on this who were engineers and helping us when we wanted to go raise money that was the thing that made all the difference the other stuff I mentioned is super important having the engineering team doing it and committed and like their names on a slide and their pictures and like them willing to be references changed it so that was that was pretty big the last thing I'll say you know this is this is helpful folks it depends on the time of when it is there are different cycles right investors get excited about different types of companies at different cycles I think for a long time everybody was excited about social networking and messaging and then there's there's a I've seen a cycle right now which is you know logistics is obviously really popular and so that's great that helped us but there's another angle on it which is is this a linear business or a nonlinear business is this a binary business or is this a business that has sort of a gradient and what I mean by that is there are a lot of businesses that really aren't going to be successful unless they're massive unless they really nail it like gaming is one of the ones that kind of falls into that department messaging and social networking certain sorts of networks are really hard to even ever get off the ground without getting to scale whereas there are other businesses that are much more linear and effort and I think they're less risky so you can put in you know an amount of effort and expect some level of return in a certain type of business way more than others so trucking for example and logistics I felt like it was less risky because I felt like we could put the energy in and do the homework and really come up with the right approach to it and then work hard to make it happen versus having to kind of get lucky a little bit and somehow get that spark going that causes like viral downloads of our game right and so being able to compare and contrast that difference to an investor and say look at this business it's a linear model it's going to happen technology is driving this because I mentioned earlier a lot of them don't know the industry they don't know necessarily social networking versus gaming versus trucking but being able to tell that story again differentiated it from a bunch of other investments they may have been considering or could do it made it feel like the safer bet and the smarter bet so I think if you can tie your business to that not like this can be successful through effort and through like thoughtfulness versus having to get luck and like massive scale you don't see a lot of like mid-sized social networks like path right kind of was medium sized and it's done it's done it has to be massive or it doesn't really go like you say those two-sided marketplaces are really tough because you've got lots of people you've got to get on both sides or especially a consumer yeah that's right yeah they're brutal there's got to be a little luck there questions and just one other question so get ready what was I going to ask there's one question you made me think of when you had the idea you decided hey this is the one I'm going to go after what was your what was your next thought was your next thought like how the hell am I going to raise money or was it how am I going to find a team or is it how you know what was your thought after it's like okay here's my thing here's my idea I want to go after this what was your next thought like this is what I got to get done and this scares the crap out of me yeah it was and sorry I have to run here and did you choose Grant or you already knew you wanted to work with them was it like oh I'm already and like if you and I