school on the east side over in Kenmore. And I knew I'd heard of, you know, some of the Ivy League schools and, you know, knew it was going to be a great opportunity. It wasn't something I was kind of inundated with growing up. It's pretty far away. It wasn't a big part of my life or thinking. I wasn't planning for that. I did some things really successfully in high school that kind of set me up to have a lot of options for college. And then I had a great mentor and a teacher who literally took me aside when I told him that I got in there. And I was thinking about going to a bunch of other places. He was just like, Dan, like, you don't know this, but you should really go there. And then, you know, my parents were like, well, you need to make the decision because they've always been really much about, you know, they've always been really focused on just encouraging me to think about things and then make the right decision. Yeah. And so I was evaluating a lot of things and this teacher was like, no, no, you should just go there. Like, what are you doing? There is no decision here. And because of the opportunity was really, really significant going there and just having that exposure. Sure. And it was great. I think I probably would have had, you know, a very similar life and very similar outlook no matter where I went to college. anywhere, but I think it did give me some, it just, it pushed me pretty hard and made me aspire. Yeah. And why, I mean, you jumped from, I think you went into consulting, right, to consulting fairly early on? Hold on. No, I spell that. Yeah, so I went to consulting. Yeah. Yeah. And was that, again, was that by design or is like, hey, I just need to do something because I don't know really what I want to do yet? Um, I really, I, I like business. Like in, in high school, I, you know, competed nationally and I think I won the state a couple times in DECA, which is like a business competition. Sure. Um, really liked that. You know, my dad, uh, worked for small business. I worked for the small business growing up. Um, his father had started that in Seattle. Um, and so that actually involved doing deliveries as well with a big van. So I kind of got some exposure to bills of lading and trucking and packing and delivery routes. Um, and so I think that just doing, you know, getting into business and thinking about building a company and how to make companies successful was something that I was really interested in. And then I also really liked the idea of teaching and coaching. I thought that was kind of a, something I enjoyed doing. Um, so those are the two things. And, you know, I mean, I'll be really honest, like the, I didn't know which one to do. It was a, it wasn't like an obvious decision for me. I think you kind of look at that time in your life, in my life, I was 22. I just go back from Chile. I lived in Chile for a year, came back to the U.S. Like, should I go speak Spanish or should I go into business? And it was 2003, so the economy kind of sucked coming out of, you know, the first tech bubble bursting. Yeah. And, uh, I had a dean at Yale and he basically said, look, let me teach you this thing called option value. Um, and, you know, he basically said, if you go do management consulting right now, you can have, the odds of you being able to go be a teacher later are really high. Yeah. If you go do a teaching right now, the odds of being able to go into management consulting later are really low. So, if you're not sure which one you want to do, pick the one that has more option value. So, that was actually probably the, that was probably the decision point. I was like, that makes a lot of sense. I'll go do that. Exactly. Uh, and then, you know, I, I really enjoyed it, so. Sure. Uh, and, uh, brother, what, family, what's your family? Brothers, sisters? I have a pretty big family, actually. I have three brothers and one sister. So, which, which is the oldest brother? Me. Okay. Who's your second oldest? Who's the second oldest? My second oldest is a guy named John. John. So, if I called John right now. That's how I interviewed people. That's how I interviewed people. I was like, who's your boss? So, if I called Mike right now. Exactly. So, if I called John right now and asked him what, what your best trait is, what would he tell me? Wow. This is John, not you. I think he would say that I, um, I think he would say I work, like I'm really passionate about what I want to do. Like, when I focus on it, I will put a lot of time and energy and just everything into it. Maybe to a fault sometimes, but I think that's probably what he would, what he would observe. How has that served you in growing Convoy? Effort underlines everything you do. Like, everybody says, you know, grow hard, go smart, whatever, but it all has to do with effort. Um, and at this phase of a company, uh, the reason we went fast wasn't just because that was the easiest path. It was because if we didn't go fast, it increased the risk for our business in two ways. One is, uh, the market, back in 2015, there was a lot of speculation that the funding market would dry up or change dramatically in 2016. Sure. Right? And so I kind of had a work back plan to, hey, we're starting this thing in April. How do we raise our seed round and then get to a point we can demonstrate? We were pretty convinced early on that this was more of a when this will happen business than an if this will happen business. Yeah. And so it was how do we get to, uh, a significant funding round that gives us a chance to accelerate this business as fast as possible. And what do we have to do to get there? Yeah. And so we created a work back plan that involved us getting to the point we could go credibly get a series A done in 2015 with basically eight months from finding the company. And so that was effort because there was a lot of things that we had to do smart, we had to be clever and thoughtful about what we did. But at the end of the day, we had to put in time and energy to get there. And how do you think that's affected the culture of the company? I think achieving that, uh, really validated the whole idea of, um, you know, let's set goals and go achieve them. And, uh, I think we have a, I mean, I think the culture's great. I think people, uh, are bought in, people are excited about it. Wait a minute, you think the culture's great? Wow. I know. I know. Shocks, right? She's shocking. So, so, uh, Grant, is the culture great? It is. Yeah. Okay. He thinks so too. Grant thinks so? Yeah. All right. Um, yeah, I mean, look, hitting, setting goals and hitting goals, that is something that is really important for people just being excited about it. Like, there's one to have fun in the, we have fun, we have, we have a great, I think we have a great time in our, in our company and our, we're a pretty hardcore operations. There's a lot of operations to the business. There's trucks running every day, you know, there's a lot of things to pay attention to. Yeah. So, you know, it's kind of a, um, there's a lot of a grind just with the operations and then just, you know, enjoying people you're working with is super important for that. But setting goals and achieving goals is the best way to build, um, it's one of the components, I think, of a culture that's really healthy, is people can kind of feel like they're pushing in the same direction and going in the same direction. And it's one thing to say a mission and that becomes this ambiguous mission that's going to happen three or four years from now. It's the other thing to set a goal. Do it. I was like, look, we're, we're in trucking. We were new. Like, we need a hundred shipments, um, by this date. We didn't have a product. Like, we need to get a hundred shipments at least so we can understand our business enough to go have a really credible story about how to take it to the next level. Um, and so that was a pretty defining goal and we did that and we get it and we got it and that's kind of what led to that Series A. Yeah, yeah. So, I mean, that really creates the, it just creates, and when you hire people, whether you say it or not, it just, it already isn't, it's already inbred into the system, right? Like, hey, we accomplished goals here. You just don't necessarily have to come out of your mouth to say that. That's right. Yeah. Yeah. Um, I ask, I ask this question to every single guest. How did you earn your first dollar that wasn't from a relative? Um, so, it's not like working for your Uncle Joe. No, no, no, no. I think, uh, probably when I was about 10, I substituted, well, maybe earlier than that because I used to set up candy shacks in my back porch where I'd have, like, a little cardboard shack and I'd sell candy that I'd buy at the grocery store and sell it to my neighborhood kids. Oh, really? Um, but my sister let me substitute on her paper route. Oh, there you go. I was like, whenever she, like, would stick or was gone, I was like, yes, I can make some money. So I go do a paper route. Yeah, and then I mowed lawns, did paper route, picked weeds. I always wanted to buy baseball cards growing up and it was like 10 bucks for a box set or something that cost or, like, whatever the big store was back then. So I think my friends and I would, you know, kind of get up on Saturday morning and be like, how are we going to make 10 bucks this weekend? You know, so we basically go to every neighbor within, like, you know, five blocks and it's like, can we do any work for you? And I think they just felt bad for us. They'd be like, pick some weeds. Here's a quarter. Um, you know, and if we wash your car, I don't even know if we did a good job. People let us wash their cars when we were like, so I remember I worked, like, an entire day once and I was so tired at the end of it. And this person that we were working for came out and I was expecting, I don't know, at that point I'm like, I'm going to get two or three bucks, maybe five bucks. You know, I worked, like, so long. And she was like, here's a quarter and a bag of marshmallows. And I was like, oh. I was like, you know, I don't know what to say. I'm like, thank you. Yeah, exactly. That's exactly what I wanted. Yeah. So, yeah. Can I have more marshmallows? So, you were on Amazon for a few years, two and a half years or so. So, what, what, how has that affected how you run your company? Is it, you know, like, do you use the two pizza rule, you know, what's the things that you take from Amazon that happens right now inside of Convoy? Team structure is part of it, but I don't know if that was just because of, you know, the experience at Amazon. One is values. One thing that Amazon, I think, does really well is they have a set of company values that they, that they live day in, day out. So, you know, I had different experience in each of these companies, so that could have impacted this as well. Sure. But I worked at Microsoft and I worked at Google as well. And in neither case did I feel like the company's values were sort of lived day to day in everything we did. Whereas at Amazon, there's a set of values and when you're, you know, being hired, when you're interviewing somebody, when you're reviewing something, when I'm having a conversation in a meeting, it becomes this common language that the company uses to give feedback. And it's actually really empowering for people in a company and they want to speak up and push back to have a set of company values they can pull from and use that language to push back. It's empowering, right? Like, I'm pulling from this value and I'm challenging on this based on the company value. So we're, what we, we did, um, actually asked, so Jeff Bezos is one of our investors and I kind of asked him how, when they created the company values. And I think he said it was around like 90 or 100 people or something like that. I can't remember the exact time, but the advice he gave, which I thought was really smart, was, um, we didn't just go set the values. We, the company developed and then we saw what was working, right? And then we thought about, okay, what's working, now let's capture those and encapsulate those values into a set of things that we actually live by. Um, and so we also, we waited a little while, kind of towards about the year mark, we started working on our values. And we looked back and said, what made us successful as a business? And now we want to, we're close to being, kind of having those wrapped up. We already brought them to the team a couple of times and we want them to kind of represent who we are. And we want to live by them and use them as, as, in our company day-to-day conversations. Yeah. Yeah. So I think values is a huge part of what I took from Amazon. The second one was just transparency. One thing Amazon does that I think is really smart is, you know, there's time for this to work and time where maybe it wouldn't work is they don't do PowerPoints, right? It's a Word document. So you walk in, it's the six-pager, you write a document, you walk in, it reads it in silence before the meeting starts. And then you discuss it after that. So you might walk into a one-hour meeting and talk and read for 30 minutes and everybody marks it up and then you have a conversation for the next 30 minutes. It's about the document. And another thing that Amazon does, and I'll talk about this as transparency, is the goals that a lot of individual teams have, maybe a 10-person team or a 20-person team has, roll all the way up to the top. They don't get aggregated. So it's not like the CEO has 20 goals that he cares about. He's reading like 500 goals and tracking them and measuring against them, which means that each team, there's transparency all the way up and down and there's accountability. And the Word document also is really about a transparency and accountability because you can't mask things in a Word document. You can mask things in a PowerPoint, you can mask things in a presentation, you can't mask them in a Word document. So really create, at least from my experience, was this sort of open, transparent culture where it was based on merit and what you did, much harder to mask. And I don't know, those things really resonated with me. I was like, wow, that's impressive to me that they've developed these things that allow you to have this kind of straightforward discussion. And that the senior leadership wants to see and track hundreds of goals across the company. So each individual team feels like, I have a lot of responsibility to do this because, you know, the SVPs or the CEOs are going to see this goal. And at Microsoft, for example, not to, I mean, a great experience at Microsoft as well, but I remember a lot of the goals were aggregated. And so these seven goals were rolling to this goal. And then at that level, the other four goals were rolling to this goal. And then the CEO would have like 15 or 20 goals. And so there was kind of a watered-down effect of like, yeah, but my goal rolls into this bigger goal. So the guy doesn't really know. He's not tracking it. Just it felt different, I guess, in terms of day-to-day operations. Yeah. And what's the thing in your, you know, in the last, say, two years, what's been the thing that you have learned through whatever method, I don't really care, but you've learned it and then actually applied it to your company? Yeah. Something you're like, this is something we do. Yeah, I'll talk about two of the values we have. One of them is fall in love with a problem you're working on, not the solution you came up with. So I'll give an example of this. I'm going to pick on another product real quick. And it's not, I think that this product is going in the right direction. So, but think about reviews at Amazon, right? The reviews team at Amazon originally created, they were solving the problem of how do I have confidence, how do I give my customers confidence to buy? So the problem was customer confidence or I can't talk to a sales rep or I can't touch and feel this thing before I buy it. So how do I get past that? Well, customer confidence comes from validation via other customers, social proof, right? And ratings, things like that. And that was the problem they were solving. And then they came up with the reviews as the solution. But then they called the team reviews. And then everyone they ever hired from there on out was hired to the reviews team. And so every goal they set was how do we make reviews go up and to the right? And more reviews in more countries and more platforms with higher quality and less fraud and everything like that. Reviews are incredibly valuable, right? One of the most innovative and amazing things Amazon did was bring reviews to sort of retail. But it also limited the ability to think about how to solve that problem. And so if you forget about the problem you're originally solving and you focus on improving the solution, you may actually miss like five other amazing opportunities. So then Amazon went back to the problem. And now you have things like ask a question on a product for Amazon to get an answer from another customer. That came out of this discussion, right? Other similar things like fit. Like how do I see if the clothes fit me or not? Does this run big, run small? Those sorts of things came out of revisiting the problem of customer confidence. And those all happened in the last, you know, few years. And that is something I'm taking to heart at Convoy. Every time we're working on product and process, we need to remember it's important for people in the company to push back and say, I think we're too obsessed with this solution right now. Sure. What was the problem you started with? Yeah. And if you, like I want people to ask me that. If I'm like going down on some solution, like, damn, what was the problem? Are you sure this solved the problem? And I think we're doing okay. Like we need to make that more of the culture. It's hard to build these things in the culture. But like that is something that's super important. Yeah. Yeah. That's great. That's actually quite good. Good for you. I mean, seriously, I mean, I hear a lot of stuff sometimes, but that's quite good. Pat yourself on the back or something. Maybe I should keep this job for a while. Exactly. You should keep this job for a while. What was your biggest fear when you started Convoy? My biggest fear is that nobody would ever use it to ship a product. I had that fear up until we had the first product or the first shipment. Yeah. It was actually our first customer. It was a company called Guided Products. I'll actually give them a little plug because they're great. If you're ever ordering anything that's printed off supplies, whatever, they're down in Kent. They do a fantastic job. You order it online. But they were our very first customer, and they were shipping, I think, a couple pallets of paper, printed paper materials between their facility and another facility in the greater Puget Sound region. And until that moment, I think we spent four months building the product. We got the engineering team together April, May, and then built the MVP to launch with customers in the end of August and beginning of September. And until we actually had that first shipment, I just was like, man, what if nobody ever uses this? Built the whole thing, and then everyone's going to look at it and say, eh, I got a truck. I'm pretty happy. I don't need this. And everybody else lied to me along the way that they needed it. So that was my biggest fear. What's been your biggest mistake so far? I say so far because you want to make another one. I think probably our biggest mistake, I should have a good answer because I've already been asked this question twice today. Have you? I think the biggest mistake, we probably, one of the things I would do differently, let me say that, because it's hard to, I don't, in hindsight, it's hard to know, was, actually, I'll give a really clean example, then I'll sell one a little bit more bigger. A really clean one was we assumed we could give drivers phones. Give them phones. Yeah. Turns out that you can't just give drivers phones because they don't, unlike, we thought