cetera, that is what we make until we pay our investors back 1.3, the 1.3 that they initially put in, at which point that goes up to two times the average. So I think right now that's one, around 150, and it would go up to as much as 300 that we could be paid in salary. And then, once we pay our investors back to 1.3, everybody participates pro-rata. So Casey and I own right around 75 percent? Yes, he just had a value. It was just straight. So we did a price round, right? We didn't try and do a convertible node or anything like that. Because, similar to YC Safe, right? Like the way that Y Combinator starts with their thing, the non-priced round thing did not make sense because we knew that we did not want to have someone price it in the future. So it wouldn't make sense. Yeah, it wouldn't make sense. You had to do it. Yeah. You had to price it. Yeah. And so, now you have this company, you have a little bit of money in the bank, and what's interesting to me is you could just be you, too, for a year. We are planning on hiring nobody, working from home, spending as little of that 1.3 as we possibly can. Most of the expense is going to health care. I'm serious, right? Health care in this country is insanely expensive for a two-person company. Yeah, it's unjustifiable. Yeah, exactly. So you guys, you have no outside pressure saying you need to grow fast or why don't you do this. It just doesn't exist. I mean, I think that the pressure is certainly there to prove that this works. Absolutely. But the pressure is not do it fast, it's do it right. Yeah. I like that a lot better. Well, that's the, I mean, in, you know, defense, I think Seattle has a lot more of that mentality versus mentality. I have to tell you, so I had a call with an investor from Silicon Valley. It was, it was, well, it was my favorite call with an investor. I mean, he said no, right? But, but like the way he said no, the derision in his voice, just the, the, you're the stupidest person I've ever talked to. This will never work. The ground's not going to get it done. This company sounds like a great idea, but if you're serious, you need to raise, you know, in the traditional way. And I swear to God, just that one person alone, I want to build this company and have it be a world leader just because of him. Yeah. Right? There's no, there's no better way to get a founder just like, oh, oh, I'm going to make this work than to tell, than to tell me, you know, you can't. Exactly. And the, you know, the, what, oh, you know, we haven't even talked about this. What the heck sparked our own? Sure. Right. Yeah, so one minor thing. So the fundamental idea that I encountered a lot with Moz was basically if there are not already a lot of people searching for what you do, right? So you make, one of my favorite examples is to use Crowd Cow here in Seattle. Anybody? Crowd Cow. People don't know what Crowd Cow is? Lots of people. Okay. Lots of people. So apologies to our vegetarian audience members. Crowd Cow is basically crowdsourcing a side beef, right? So they, they work with small farmers, ranchers all around the United States now and a bunch in Japan. So you can order like eight, five wagyu and all that kind of stuff. And they will, you know, get you very, very high quality beef that tastes dramatic. It's dramatically different from the stuff that you could buy at a grocery store or even at a butcher, at most butcher shops. And then they freeze your packet and send it to your door. And it's an awesome business. And you can let me try it. Yeah. Totally. They're doing amazing. Because it's so good, right? But nobody, I mean, next to nobody searches for buy steak online. It just doesn't happen, right? Nobody goes on the internet and is like, ah, I need a ribeye. No, like we're, we're sort of trained as Americans to think of beef as a commodity. And so this whole idea of like craft beef and oh wait, beef can taste as different as whiskey or wine. Oh, I did not, or coffee, right? I didn't know that. And then when Ethan and Joe walked me through, I was like, oh, this is amazing. So I'm helping those guys out and they, you know, they sort of go, okay, what can you do on the SEO front? And I look at the keyword research and I say, nothing? You can do nothing with SEO. I mean, nothing that's going to move the needle for their business anyway, right? It's not, because there's no searches. There's no searches, right? People don't think that way. Instead, what they have to do and what we want to help with this sort of store is go find their audience, the people who are likely to say, yeah, I think I'd be into trying craft beef and like ordering this and maybe sending it as a gift and subscribing, whatever. And then they have to find all the places online and off that that audience pays attention to. So where do foodies who are into coffee and wine and whiskey and all these other things and willing to give, you know, high quality, slightly expensive craft beef a try, where do they hang out? Who do they pay attention to? What do they listen to? That process is something I was helping their marketing team with last year. And it was a nightmare. And I had this, I had this idea and I had like, okay, well, someone solved this. Let me go just find who's the software. Who's the tool? Yeah, who's the tool? Where's the Moz for this, right? Like that's, of course, whatever it is, whatever it is, right? Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Like somebody's got to have this. No. There's old school PR databases like Scission where you can say, oh, this journalist writes about this topic. And then there's the closest you can get is a company called Buzzsumo, which recently sold to Brandwatch, which gives you like data on what content was socially shared and what network it was shared on. And some of the people who might have shared it on Twitter, but finding this was impossible. And so Casey and I got together and we were like, I think we can do this. Like I think there's enough data to be able to do that. So the idea is you could plug in foodies or, you know, steak eaters or whiskey drinkers or whatever it is, right? Chefs or, and you would then be able to see here are the 17 podcasts that chefs on the West Coast of the United States listen to disproportionately more than anybody else. Yeah. Right? And here's the events they go to and here's the people they follow on Twitter and here's the... That's where they hang out. Yeah. What do they do? What do they do? Yeah, that's... That will be a spark tour. It's still 69 months away from a launch. And I'm assuming you're going to do a fair amount of beta stuff releasing to you. Yeah. If you follow me on Twitter, I have already started sharing my wireframes. It's like, okay, what about this? Would you type this in? Yeah. I see stuff on LinkedIn like, wow, that's early. It's just little gray lines that I do in Photoshop. It's a wireframe. Yeah. Yeah. It's a standard wireframe. And so the SparkToro, you know, plan is, you know, six to nine months, maybe 12 months max, you're going to have a product on the street that's maybe in beta, maybe it's in real life. Like, let's look out 12 months. Let's say that product exists. Let's say that you have customers. Let's say you're generating revenue. What's the brand is the next step for that? I mean, I think obviously eventually we would hire some employees and start growing the team. And I think that two things are very salient in my mind from my Moz experience. I think one is I am not willing to launch early with a sort of crappy product that barely solves the problem. So I strongly dislike the MVP, like, kind of like MVP minus one. Yeah. So I really dislike MVPs if you know in advance that lots of people are going to pay attention to your launch. I think MVPs are awesome if you think very few people are going to pay attention to your launch and you're going to have to show every person, you know, that MVP. Then an MVP makes awesome sense, right? Get something out there as early as possible. Start showing it to people. Learn from them. Be from them, yeah. But instead with SparkToro, right, because I know that, like, we have a huge audience because of what I did at Moz, right, and people are paying attention to me, that on launch day, tens of thousands of marketers will come, they will look, and they will judge. And they will judge harshly. And I want them to. I expect them to. And I better be ready for that, right? And I think this is one of the problems that the MVP experiences is that it is, you know, Eric Grease, when he wrote The Lean Startup, when he talked about the MVP, was not talking about, oh, you're going to launch to thousands of people who are then going to forever remember only the first impression. No, he was talking about, you are a new startup. You'll be lucky if you can get five people to look at your product. And then it makes perfect sense. So, that is kind of the plan there. And I think that in a year from now, we are going to be almost certainly doing a lot of iteration based on feedback. But hopefully, hopefully people like the product enough that launched that we didn't launch too early. Yeah. Well, like you say, you have some experience behind you that's going to drive some of those decisions. I mean, but it's so weird that they say that because my whole startup life, all I've heard is, if you're not embarrassed by the first version, you launch too late. And that is a dirty lie. That is a, I don't know who tells us that lie, but it is. Isn't that Brad? No, it's insane. So, I think that he is more balanced among venture investors on that side. But certainly, I mean, like, you know, your Paul Grahams and your Andrew Chens and, like, these very visible people in the startup community are amplifying absolutely the opposite message. And I kind of get it, right? Like, if you are, if only 5% of the companies in your portfolio need to make it, and you need your returns in five to seven years, because that's what you promised your LPs, speed to market as being the dominant first mover monopoly matters more than getting it right. Yeah, absolutely. But if you're a founder, if you're an entrepreneur who's building, you know, a, I don't want to say a real business, but, like, a more traditional kind of business, one where you care about your profits and losses, then I think it's better. Yeah, I would absolutely agree to, I mean, you have, my belief in the MVP is you need to get it out as soon as you can, but, like you say, 100 people is fine. Right. That's, that's feedback, but not a thousand, because 100 people is great. You get great feedback, and you can reiterate the more of the next version, right? And, I've read, obviously, you've read this and lots of stuff that you've written, and so I know there's, I know the answer when I ask the question, but I just like to hear it. I could have changed my mind, you never know. Yeah, you could have. You have a chip on your shoulder. Oh, is it really visible? Yeah, I know. So, I just think it's interesting that you explain that, because I think more people have it and don't tell the story, right? And I've, we've said and talked before, and I've always appreciated the fact that you just say, well, that's just how I feel, and you probably don't like it. So, tell us about the chip on the shoulder, and we know you left Moz, we know, you know, it's got to be hard. It's your company, you started it, you and your mom, so we know that can't be an easy process. You know, you don't have to tell me details, but sure, it wasn't easy. So, where's the chip, I mean, uh, sure, explain that. Yeah, um, maybe you should say, I don't know how far you want to go, but the exit of Moz, and how hard, maybe harder or easy. Yeah, so I, um, I mean, I read a lot of posts about this, and I think that the, the, the, the sentence that seemed to reverberate for a lot of people was, um, you know, on a scale of zero to ten, where zero is escorted out of the building by security. And ten is, you know, you hug everybody, and it's sort of tearful but joyful goodbyes, and, you know, you're all great friends, uh, and you walk out, I was like, a four. Um, so not, not like, right in the middle, but, you know, just a little to the, to the negative side of, of, of that, um, and there was no security. That was, I carried my own stuff out. Yeah, that's good, that's good. Um, but yeah, it was, uh, I mean, it was, to your point, a very painful, uh, departure. It was, I would say, like, mostly my decision, but maybe if I hadn't made that decision, it wouldn't have been my decision. But it still would have happened. Right, but it still would have happened, so that, I think that's the right, uh, way to frame that. And it, it is, um, certainly the case that I, you know, had substantive disagreement with, you know, leadership and management, about, you know, all things, all sorts of things, yeah, inside the company. And, um, I think that there was a general sense of, uh, like, after I stepped down as CEO, I got, I got this, this might be me projecting a little bit, but I, I don't think too much of, okay, the challenges that we're experiencing, right? Because Malas, so for seven years, Malas grew at 100% year over year, sort of growth rate, right? Which is, which is quite great. Yeah. Um, and then that plateaued, I think, to, like, you know, 50%, and then 20% in the last couple of years have been, like, 11%, something like that, 12%, I think maybe just really 9% or 10%, right? So, which is fine, you know, if it were SparkToro, that would be awesome. It would be fantastic, right? Yeah. It would be a dream come true. But because it's venture-backed, that's sort of an unacceptably low growth rate, even though it's now profitable growth rate after, after a number of years of burning money. Uh, and, you know, I think that there was this attitude up, right, stepped down, that, like, okay, Rand's mistakes are what got us to this plateauing growth rate. And so, in order to recover, we, we need to not listen to him. Yeah. Um, as opposed to, like, oh, okay, maybe this idea that he had was bad, it was, it was almost like a, like, the source of the idea is the problem. Yeah. Yeah. Um, and I think that definitely, that, that'll build up the chip pretty fast. Yeah. I think for anyone, right? Everything. Ooh. What did your mom think? Oh, yeah. Interesting. So, I, um, I don't think I've ever phrased it this way before publicly, so maybe don't. But, um, I, in 2012, you know, I basically went to my mom and I said, you know, I interviewed you a month after that. Oh, wow, yeah. That's why I remember it so clearly, because it was so fresh in your mind. Yeah. And painful, too, right? Because it's not just your partner in the business. It has to be your mom. This is also your mom, right? So, um, I didn't technically fire my mom, but for all intents and purposes, I think, you know, the four out of ten that I said, she could fairly say four, three or four out of ten also. Um, and, and that, that sucked, right? That sucked for her. And so, I think that there's almost, like, this sense that I have of, of, like, oh, shit, this is karma. Like, this is, this is sort of what you, you are reaping what you sow. And you, you, I don't know, not, not necessarily deserve this, but, like, you, um, shouldn't be that surprised. Yeah. Interesting. Okay. Um, and when, when do you think you're going to get through that? I, I actually kind of feel like I am through it. I think that a big part of the reason that I, that I wrote Lost and Founder and that I write these blog posts and that I'm so, you know, that I am the way I am is because that's, that's like a way, at least for me, of achieving catharsis. Right? So, so, for some people, catharsis is they, they, you know, yell and scream and burn photos of the people that were all done, right? Um, my lovely wife is not here tonight, but she would, she would know what I'm talking about. Um, and, um, and then there's, like, people who, you know, bring it up to their therapist and they go through it that way. There's people who process in all sorts of different ways. For me, a huge part of processing and being able to take something off my chest is write about it. Yeah, write about it and, and hopefully help it, especially when other people email me and say, I have also been through that and thank you for writing this because now I don't feel alone. I think that's the biggest, that's like the biggest thing for me. So, you know, Lost in Founder, like I, um, I don't know, maybe my publisher is like mediocre happy with sales. I think it did okay, but it wasn't a bestseller. Um, at least not New York Times, I think it was like something else. But the, you know, the, the point for me was not that, right? The point for you was to, to release the, to demons. Well, and to be able to hear from people like, oh, this actually helped me. Like, I also went through that, I don't feel as alone, right? Especially chapters like the one on, you know, depression and then the one on, sort of, but that's the stuff no one writes about. At least in our world, I mean, the startup world, I mean, everything's so rosy. I mean, and, and venture, right? I think that, you know, to be totally honest, if I had come out of Moz and had sort of not overshared in the way that, ways that I have. Sure. I would have had a very easy time raising a large venture round and a great, you know, multiple and that, you know, all that kind of stuff. I think if I were trying to raise venture, no fucking way, right? A lot of people would be like, uh, people go just crap all over our business and all of us for like years. No, we're not giving you money. Yes. Yeah. It would be, it would be challenging, but probably give you, you get some tape. You probably would. I mean, there's so much money slushing around in there. You get some tape. And I do think, I mean, I, I also think I understand, I have some empathy for why those investors, professional investors are so biased to multiple founders, you know, founders who've been through it a few times. Well, yeah, just think of what you know now, where you did eight years ago. You know, it's dramatically different. Um, so, so tell us, you know, who's written a book in here? Has he written a book? I have a couple in the back who's written a book. That's really hard. My wife wrote a book. It's a little bit hard. It's a long process. How long did it take you to write this thing? Two weeks? Oh, no, um, let's see. So I pitched publishers in New York in January of 2016. Uh, and then I basically submitted a few chapters, not quite half the book, maybe a third of the book to the editor that I went with, excuse me, from, um, from Penguin Random House in June. 16. June 16. So, you know, maybe I had written for four or five months, and then she was like, nope, this is not the right book. And so we threw the whole thing out, and I started again, and I finished, uh, December 31st at 10.30 p.m. Yeah, because I owed it, you know, it was due, it was due, it was due that, that, that, that day. Yeah, exactly. Nothing like a deadline. Exactly. And who called the name? Geraldine, of course. Really? Yeah. Uh, Geraldine was my wife. She was my wife. Yeah. That's such a great name. I, I, I mean, there are a lot of things that I, that I, um, that I love about her, but, uh, her voice is strong in here, too. Right? If you, if you read something in the book, and you find yourself chuckling or laughing out loud, that is almost definitely Geraldine. I remember at one point my editor, Nikki, saying to me, like, I love these parts of these chapters where you, like,