know, yell and scream and burn photos of the people that were all done, right? Um, my lovely wife is not here tonight, but she would, she would know what I'm talking about. Um, and, um, and then there's, like, people who, you know, bring it up to their therapist and they go through it that way. There's people who process in all sorts of different ways. For me, a huge part of processing and being able to take something off my chest is write about it. Yeah, write about it and, and hopefully help it, especially when other people email me and say, I have also been through that and thank you for writing this because now I don't feel alone. I think that's the biggest, that's like the biggest thing for me. So, you know, Lost in Founder, like I, um, I don't know, maybe my publisher is like mediocre happy with sales. I think it did okay, but it wasn't a bestseller. Um, at least not New York Times, I think it was like something else. But the, you know, the, the point for me was not that, right? The point for you was to, to release the, to demons. Well, and to be able to hear from people like, oh, this actually helped me. Like, I also went through that, I don't feel as alone, right? Especially chapters like the one on, you know, depression and then the one on, sort of, but that's the stuff no one writes about. At least in our world, I mean, the startup world, I mean, everything's so rosy. I mean, and, and venture, right? I think that, you know, to be totally honest, if I had come out of Moz and had sort of not overshared in the way that, ways that I have. Sure. I would have had a very easy time raising a large venture round and a great, you know, multiple and that, you know, all that kind of stuff. I think if I were trying to raise venture, no fucking way, right? A lot of people would be like, uh, people go just crap all over our business and all of us for like years. No, we're not giving you money. Yes. Yeah. It would be, it would be challenging, but probably give you, you get some tape. You probably would. I mean, there's so much money slushing around in there. You get some tape. And I do think, I mean, I, I also think I understand, I have some empathy for why those investors, professional investors are so biased to multiple founders, you know, founders who've been through it a few times. Well, yeah, just think of what you know now, where you did eight years ago. You know, it's dramatically different. Um, so, so tell us, you know, who's written a book in here? Has he written a book? I have a couple in the back who's written a book. That's really hard. My wife wrote a book. It's a little bit hard. It's a long process. How long did it take you to write this thing? Two weeks? Oh, no, um, let's see. So I pitched publishers in New York in January of 2016. Uh, and then I basically submitted a few chapters, not quite half the book, maybe a third of the book to the editor that I went with, excuse me, from, um, from Penguin Random House in June. 16. June 16. So, you know, maybe I had written for four or five months, and then she was like, nope, this is not the right book. And so we threw the whole thing out, and I started again, and I finished, uh, December 31st at 10.30 p.m. Yeah, because I owed it, you know, it was due, it was due, it was due that, that, that, that day. Yeah, exactly. Nothing like a deadline. Exactly. And who called the name? Geraldine, of course. Really? Yeah. Uh, Geraldine was my wife. She was my wife. Yeah. That's such a great name. I, I, I mean, there are a lot of things that I, that I, um, that I love about her, but, uh, her voice is strong in here, too. Right? If you, if you read something in the book, and you find yourself chuckling or laughing out loud, that is almost definitely Geraldine. I remember at one point my editor, Nikki, saying to me, like, I love these parts of these chapters where you, like, you know, you've explained something well, but you've also made it really humorous. And I was like, oh, yeah, I can totally do more of that. You know, that kind of thing. Yeah, that's great. That's totally awesome. And, and where, where, um, where does this help brand run a better company? Oh, I mean, I, I, I think that I've found, I'm sure many people find this, I don't know if it's true for everyone, but I think that for many folks, you, uh, you learn vastly more about a topic when you have to teach it to someone else. So, so there was this, there was this, uh, piece in the New York Times, I think it was last week, just in the last few days, and it was really great. I think that the title was, um, those who can, can rarely teach. Right. Um, you know, playing off the old adage, which is provably false that, you know, those who can do and those who can't teach, right. And, um, and, and that, of course, I think has been largely re soundly rejected, which is, um, but also this, this other, um, data that essentially, if you're, if you're really good at doing something, you don't necessarily internalize why you're good at it or why it worked. And I think that writing about something in a way that's accessible to many other people is a way to internalize that lesson and to, uh, truly extract out the, the why of what happened. If you can, if you can do that well, uh, I think that you can learn your song. But you've always been a good writer. Oh, no. Well, I mean, uh, in the last few years. Okay, yeah, sure. But, but, but I mean, there were those first many years where I don't know if anyone here has ever done this, but you can go back to the Moz blog. You can go all the way back to the, you know, 2003 SEO Moz blog posts and you can be like, who this guy's an idiot. Right. Just the topics are boring. The headlines are crap. You know, the, the, the writing is stilted and error riddled and all, you know, all the things that you expect. And then of course, right, by year two, it gets better. And year three, it's better. And yeah, in the last, you know, since 2010, it's been decent, right? That's quite good. Yeah. Do you have more confidence now in Rand's skills after writing and after learning than you did before you wrote the book? I have high confidence that I will make new mistakes, but not the same ones. And I, and frankly, I think that, that's, that's an exciting place to be in, right? It's, it's, I think it is good to know which things you are, you hate so much that you don't want to ever do them again. And you're sort of like, well, I'm excited to figure out what the problems are on the other side of that. Yeah. Yeah, that's good. You feel like you're not going to make those same mistakes. You, we're all going to make different ones, but hopefully this lasts up. Feel free to ask questions, guys. If you want to have questions, I'll grab questions. Where is, like, what gets you up in the morning today? And is it any different than it was, say, 10 years ago when you were in law? Oh, God, yeah, absolutely. No, no, I'm, I think it's a totally different set of things that, that gets me up. I mean, my, um, my general driving force is much less a, I want to make me and my investors a ton of money, if you're wrong, that's an also nice thing to have, but, um, far more is things like, um, I want to prove that a different kind of model can work. I want to help different kinds of people get into and succeed in the startup and entrepreneurial worlds. I want to, you know, make the world that we live in more equitable and fair. You know, those, those are things that get me out of bed, um, vastly more so. I don't think 10 years ago, was that 2008? I mean, uh, you know, I, I don't, I don't mean to use the, the purely political version of this, but I think, like, 10 years ago I was sleeping, and, and in the last 10 years I've become more, like, as the kids say, woke, you know, around a bunch of issues, right? Sure. In our professional world and in sort of like the world of investment and in startups and in politics and in, you know, sort of like, um, yeah, uh, gender diversity issues and racial diversity issues and all, all these kinds of things, right, that, that I think 10 years ago I didn't think about at all. I, well, very few of us, I mean, which is embarrassing, which is super embarrassing, but now we get to make up for it. And hopefully, I hope so. Absolutely. I have a question, um, so, uh, for our business we noticed, uh, mid-summer last year, that, uh, traditional, um, methods were not working, so, for example, these ads, our Google AdWords, and we saw fellow companies just funneling tons of money down that after we stopped, and we started looking at new ads, so, for example, Snapchat had a new ad vehicle that they were trying to get up and running, and we tried that fabulous return, but we also started thinking, um, we mean non-rartigular phones for non-rartigular people, and so we're a non-rartigular company, so we kind of think outside of the block for our marketing as well, so we were, uh, thinking about the talk on the sidewalk, and side of the buses, and radio advertising. Is there anybody that writes about those kind of alternative, uh, marketing schemes? There are a few, uh, but they are a few and far between, because unfortunately there's not a lot of demand, right? The, the demand in, uh, the I want to learn about web marketing space is highly concentrated in, uh, search and social and, and advertising, uh, with, with some, some reasonable ones in sort of conversion rate optimization and email marketing and a few others, um, but I think, I mean, that you make a great point, which is true for almost every startup that I am, you know, advised or worked with or helped, I'm sure many of you have too, Mike, which is, uh, the traditional method is, you know, you get money, you throw it at, you pour it into Google and Facebook, uh, and because everyone else is pouring it into Google and Facebook, the ROI is very low because the cost is nearly what anyone could make off of it, right? So the margin tends to be really thin. And since a lot of companies, especially companies that are backed by venture dollars, are willing to sacrifice profitable growth for raw growth, you see that in many hot sectors, it's even more overrun. And this is becoming true not just in, like, uh, uh, uh, search and social advertising, but lots of other forms of marketing as well. And so I think that it, to your point, it pays so, uh, heavily to go and try and find out, like, oh, my audience maybe is paying attention here also and I can reach here even though no one else in my competitive group is. That can be, uh, absolutely huge. I, I hope to be able to write more about that on SparkToro because obviously that's what we're going to try and help with. But, um, there's not a lot of creative, you know, guerrilla-style advertising blogs. Is it so flooded right now? Yeah. And we even contacted, like, agencies that do college disasters. Oh, sure, yeah. They put flyers on the back-to-back doors and they reach out to their friends and... Seattle Interactive Conference does a ton of that guerrilla-style marketing here and that's actually how they... Yeah, if you talk to Brian Raschenbach, I don't know if you've ever interviewed him, but... I don't know. Yeah, yeah. So, like, he has done some crazy creative advertising to get SIC to be this, you know, sort of big interactive conference here. And a lot of that is, like, yeah, the postering projects that go up around Capitol Hill and, you know, creating demand by being in the places where the audience is. So, yeah. Great. Where do you see unused, undeveloped advertising channels? Like, I wonder if you... Where are some... So, I think the biggest one right now is probably in podcasting because there's no good marketplace for it. You know, 20... What is it? 22% of Americans listen to multiple podcasts in the last month, but something under 5% of podcasts have advertising. How many people live through a podcast in the last 30 days? Holy shit. Everybody. Yeah. Okay. This is this market. I mean, this is our market, right? But it's insane how popular they are and it's insane how unmonetizable they are for their creators because there's no standardized platform and there's no bidding marketplace and nobody's playing there. I think Google is trying to get into it, right? They've announced some stuff there. But yes, I think that's probably the most undertapped, untapped one. Another one that's actually pretty big is events. I'm, you know, like, you guys are here, right? And you're sponsoring this and I hope that this brings you really good leads, but it's pretty weird that you're alone here. Right? And I think that's very strange because, like, here is a room of highly capable people who need all sorts of goods and services and why are we all here, right? We're here to, like, try and make our businesses do better. So that's another big one. Yeah. Yeah. That's... That's intriguing because that's such an old school, right? Like... Well, a podcast is newer school. But that's just an old school. Okay. So, two questions. Can I get a pilot or beta for Spark 4? I so want to say yes to that. As soon as I have something, I promise I'll post about it and then, yes, I would love some video testers. Absolutely. And then two, you're testing this new investment vehicle per se. Like, what's the most often asked question from investors? Yeah, what did I get most often? I think probably the biggest hurdle to overcome for a lot of folks was why is this model going to have a higher percentage of survivability and success rate than venture? Because it has to have a much higher percentage to be able to make sense, right? So... So what's your argument? My argument is that I think that way, way too many companies, when they get, when they raise their $1.3 million round, right? They're, whatever they're calling them now. Do they call those pre-seed rounds? No. No, seed. Okay. All right. Except in San Francisco where it's a pre-pre-seed. Okay. Just this way. Hasn't gotten that bad yet. But, you know, when you raise your $1.3 million, the first thing you do is, all right, we need to hire three or four really talented, very high cost engineers. We need very expensive office space. We've got to have competitive benefits. Right? Because we need to go fast. Speed is of the essence. And so, therefore, you immediately start looking at your, you know, your burn rate and how many months of runway you have. And my response to my investors was, we are not going to have to worry about runway for years because we are spending so little money and our goal is to get to profitability. And I think, you know, I could also credibly say, like, look, I have this superpower, which is tons of people in the web marketing field already pay attention to me, which means that, like, I can send a tweet and probably get my first 50 to 100 customers, which is a cheating, like, that's totally cheating. But it's a great cheat. It's a good cheat, but I don't think that someone else would be able to use that as their, like, this is why you should invest in this model. But I do think everyone could look at it and say, most companies should be the tortoise, not the hare. And this model will give you a much greater success rate. What we don't know is what that is. Until there's a few hundred, maybe a couple thousand investments like this, we don't know what those numbers are. Right? And so you're taking a risk just like you would with a lot of types of investments. I hope that that's compelling. Obviously it's compelling enough for my particular investors, but I think there's a hint all the way. All the way to the back of the classroom. Ro? Yeah, thank you. Okay. So I was just curious, because you're reinventing the done and perfect model, done and perfect are two sides of the spectrum. So how do you decide when and the right time to launch a product? Who is your user? Yeah, so basically right now our thesis is about half of our customers, somewhere around half of our customers will be consultants and agency marketers and the other half will be in-house marketers and entrepreneurs and people who do marketing even if it's not technically in their title at their job. And so those are the groups that we have, you know, a bunch of people in our personal network where we're like, hey, great. And then, you know, of course I come to events and people are like, I want a beta test, which is awesome. Thank you. And the idea there is we want to show the, you know, alpha version, the beta version to those kinds of people until we get to the point when they say, I can't live without this. Like, I need this, can I please show this to so-and-so, hey, I want to share this, like I'm using it in my regular marketing. You know, we see them talking about it publicly where they go, oh, look, you can get into the SparkToro beta, you can do this cool thing. That's when we feel like we'll be ready to launch, like once our audience is very, very excited and clearly actually using it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hi. Thanks for coming out today and giving us your time. My question, like follow-up question to this question is like, as you have a mortgage or like for a longer time period, why did the investors ask that why don't you raise a smaller amount for a shorter time? Yeah. Well, the question is, only the question is, since you have a low burn rate, why didn't you just raise less money? And still, you know, raise money down the road. I think we did have maybe one or two folks ask, you know, why raise this particular amount? Yep. And the answer was, because I don't want to spend another day thinking about fundraising for the next two or three or four years. And everybody hates it. Yeah. It's a terrible way to have to think, right? And I think it forces you to have to optimize your business, not for customers, but for investors, which if you're trying to build a profitable long-term company is dumb. It's just a bad thing to optimize for. I mean, I think it's generally unhealthy. And even a lot of investors will say, don't optimize to get me interested, optimize to get your customers interested. But what do we all do, right? Because we have to. We have to. Like, I spent years at Moz, optimizing Moz's business for what I heard was the reasons Valley investors turned me down in 2009 and 2010 and 2011. And those were bad moves. Those were bad moves for the core of the company. Things like getting rid of services entirely so that we had zero services revenue at all. And then, of course, what happened five years later? Oh, now the new trend is a blended software and services. Mom, you son of a bitch. It's like, God damn it. Why? Why did I listen to you? Right? So that, I think, is the biggest reason. And that actually got folks over the hurdle really fast. I think that was easy to do. I think the other thing that helped on that front was that the round size didn't feel unreasonable. Right? I think if I had said three million, a lot more people would have been like, whoa, wait a minute. That much money? Yeah. But 1.3 being sort of a round size that many folks were familiar with in the seed stage felt comfortable. Yeah? So I have two questions which are related to Moz. So where do you think that the Google is moving towards in terms of the SEO, like the model to promote, like for websites to promote themselves? Hire the search. And do you think that is also the reason why Moz is going down in revenue? Because Google is making all the changes. Sure. So first off, let me be clear, Moz is going up in revenue, just not very fast. And second, the field of SEO software has never grown faster. Moz basically lost out to two big competitors, SEMrush and Ahreps, because we took our eye off the SEO ball and tried to go broader and be something other than SEO. So why did you do that, Rand? Well, we might have heard that diversifying and growing your business and trying to be like a big, wide category of heroes, but anyway, blah, blah, blah. I will say that the, I think