the other half will be in-house marketers and entrepreneurs and people who do marketing even if it's not technically in their title at their job. And so those are the groups that we have, you know, a bunch of people in our personal network where we're like, hey, great. And then, you know, of course I come to events and people are like, I want a beta test, which is awesome. Thank you. And the idea there is we want to show the, you know, alpha version, the beta version to those kinds of people until we get to the point when they say, I can't live without this. Like, I need this, can I please show this to so-and-so, hey, I want to share this, like I'm using it in my regular marketing. You know, we see them talking about it publicly where they go, oh, look, you can get into the SparkToro beta, you can do this cool thing. That's when we feel like we'll be ready to launch, like once our audience is very, very excited and clearly actually using it. Okay. Yeah. Okay. Hi. Thanks for coming out today and giving us your time. My question, like follow-up question to this question is like, as you have a mortgage or like for a longer time period, why did the investors ask that why don't you raise a smaller amount for a shorter time? Yeah. Well, the question is, only the question is, since you have a low burn rate, why didn't you just raise less money? And still, you know, raise money down the road. I think we did have maybe one or two folks ask, you know, why raise this particular amount? Yep. And the answer was, because I don't want to spend another day thinking about fundraising for the next two or three or four years. And everybody hates it. Yeah. It's a terrible way to have to think, right? And I think it forces you to have to optimize your business, not for customers, but for investors, which if you're trying to build a profitable long-term company is dumb. It's just a bad thing to optimize for. I mean, I think it's generally unhealthy. And even a lot of investors will say, don't optimize to get me interested, optimize to get your customers interested. But what do we all do, right? Because we have to. We have to. Like, I spent years at Moz, optimizing Moz's business for what I heard was the reasons Valley investors turned me down in 2009 and 2010 and 2011. And those were bad moves. Those were bad moves for the core of the company. Things like getting rid of services entirely so that we had zero services revenue at all. And then, of course, what happened five years later? Oh, now the new trend is a blended software and services. Mom, you son of a bitch. It's like, God damn it. Why? Why did I listen to you? Right? So that, I think, is the biggest reason. And that actually got folks over the hurdle really fast. I think that was easy to do. I think the other thing that helped on that front was that the round size didn't feel unreasonable. Right? I think if I had said three million, a lot more people would have been like, whoa, wait a minute. That much money? Yeah. But 1.3 being sort of a round size that many folks were familiar with in the seed stage felt comfortable. Yeah? So I have two questions which are related to Moz. So where do you think that the Google is moving towards in terms of the SEO, like the model to promote, like for websites to promote themselves? Hire the search. And do you think that is also the reason why Moz is going down in revenue? Because Google is making all the changes. Sure. So first off, let me be clear, Moz is going up in revenue, just not very fast. And second, the field of SEO software has never grown faster. Moz basically lost out to two big competitors, SEMrush and Ahreps, because we took our eye off the SEO ball and tried to go broader and be something other than SEO. So why did you do that, Rand? Well, we might have heard that diversifying and growing your business and trying to be like a big, wide category of heroes, but anyway, blah, blah, blah. I will say that the, I think that the changes, every time Google changes more, and especially with recent changes, I actually think SEO software is a great position to benefit. Because I think that what is, what Google is changing right now is they are making it harder and harder to rank in the normal, organic, you know, web style results. There's fewer of those. They're answering more and more queries on the page. Right there? Yeah, right in the results. Yeah, yeah. On your phone, like, I think right now, across all Google searches, according to Clickstream data I got from Jumpshot in February, 49% of all searches result in zero clicks. The answer is right there. The answer is right there. The answer is right there. Which means the only way to see what, how things are going for your business is to track your rankings. You need someone's software to crawl and update you regularly about, like, here's where you are, here's what it says, here's what your competition says, here's where they show up and all these different kinds of weird results now that are popping in there. So I think that actually Samaraj, Ahrefs, Mamas, they're all poised to do really well assuming they can execute on that. As an entrepreneur or a marketer, that sucks. Like, it is awful, right? Because for the first time ever we're seeing plateauing and I think actually declining number of clicks that Google is sending out to the web. And the deal, the deal between search engines and web publishers was, yes, you can crawl my content, use my bandwidth for free, steal all my stuff, I won't sue you for trademark violation, there's no copyright issues, but anytime I appear in your results you send me traffic. And like Lando Calrissian, this deal's getting worse all the time. Like it is just, it is no fun out there to be a marketer who relies on organic Google traffic. And so I think we have to diversify, like, all of us have to diversify. So you've talked about why this model is better for entrepreneurs in particular, but you've also acknowledged that, especially in your call with that Bay Area investor, that venture investors are sitting pretty right now and they don't have a lot of incentive to explore this new model. But are there some investors out there who are amenable to this? Who are they? Yeah, so I think that the right types of people are angel investors, especially those who have been founders. Operators. Operators, yeah. Exactly. And the reason for that is twofold. One, because a lot of them have invested money into many venture-backed startups and had high failure rates and been frustrated by that. And they also, I think a lot of them hate the fact that they can be in a company for seven, 10, 15 years and not know whether it was a winner or a loser. And that sucks for a lot of those investors. They want to know, like, in year three, if I start getting checks, oh, this is working. Like, all right, some of my money's coming back to me. And, you know, maybe I have three or four million dollars that I can afford. I want to go ahead and put $400,000 towards, you know, six or eight startups, 50K each. Okay. I can't place enough bets for the venture model to pay out for me. But if there's something that gives me, you know, 20% of the companies or 30%, or, you know, oh, my God, 50% of the companies survive five years, that could be huge. Especially if you get money back. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, even if you don't get all of it back, let's just say four years down the road, all of a sudden something bad happens and you die. But you've got maybe three years worth of money back. Right. Right. I mean, in a lot of cases, many of these types of angel investors are very happy saying, I want to support the startup ecosystem. And if I can make one to two X my money, that's okay by me. I view this more as like giving back to a community that gave to me than am I beating the S&P 500 index fund. Right. And that's, I think that's actually a really reasonable way to think. All of us who benefit from a community, well, most of us who benefit from a community, tough pesos, want to get back to it. Right. Exactly. Exactly. For some people not smiling. Sorry about that. No offense. Go ahead. So time to switch gears, I know with the promotion and the out, you know, coding part four of you have some of these free tools that you're promoting. Right. Yeah. And the interesting thing for me, throwing the advertising is that these, you know, blogs and some of these stuff, it's pretty cool. It's like, oh, this is free. Just give us your info, you know, through the email address, you know, getting that information. But there's no email counter. There's no email counter. There's no game. What is my game? What are you trying to do right now? You know, so, you know, I know this is like the long term, but I want to be like, what is, what really, what is like the tragedy there? Yeah. Yeah. I agree with that. So the question is, most as a lead capture, you capture email and you get something for free. Leads or brands like, yeah, I don't want anything. Here, just take it. So. So you do have to give us one thing, which is that you have to connect your Twitter account, right? For us to be able to analyze it and give you sort of the free data. I think there's another free tool coming in the next, in the next few weeks. You think. Just think. It depends on what Casey wants to work on for the next four or five weeks. We'll see. He gets passionate about something and he's like, I want to do this. So, so in this, in this model, the idea is yes, we don't get an email address, but that is okay with us. We're trying to do two things. One is sort of broad spectrum marketing, like awareness. Like, hey, SparkToro exists. And also, SparkToro is able to identify people who are actually influential on Twitter versus people who just have high follower counts. And those two things are different things. And creating that, just that like brand impression in your mind that, oh, followers does not equal high quality engagement is something that we're trying to see because A, we believe it to be true. I think everyone believes it to be true. But B, because that's a problem we want to solve long term by helping people find who is truly engaging with their particular community, not just Twitter, but all these things. The second thing is Twitter's API is very expensive and we would like to make many calls to it. And so having OAuth connections means that we can make a lot of those calls without paying Twitter a ton of money early on. So it's almost like a, it's like we don't want to spend our money. We're very frugal. Could we want it to last a long time? So this is a way for us to provide some value to people for free and get this marketing message out there and then also be able to make queries against Twitter. Thank you. Thank you. Question? What are your thoughts on Instagram marketing? What are your thoughts on Instagram marketing? Also, who's the best teacher on Instagram? That's a good question. Yes. So, to be honest, I don't have a great answer to the second one, but when I find those people, I will amplify them absolutely. I have seen some good stuff out there. I've seen some good stuff out there. Sue B. I've seen some good stuff out there. Sue B. I've seen some good people who probably know. Sue B. Sue B. Sue B Zimmerman is really good. Sue B Zimmerman. Okay. Yeah. Thank you. And sorry, in the back you had an answer as well? No, I just said I was on Instagram. Oh, okay. Yeah, there you go. There's a gentleman in the back room. Yeah. So one thing I will say. Oh, and I'm sorry. Did you, were you also Instagram? No, no. Okay. Sue B Zimmerman. Sue B Zimmerman. Okay. She's not. It's Marta. I know her name. She's not. So Instagram, I will say, is one area where, with SparkToro, we are not touching on very heavily. And this is primarily because our sense was like, okay, go back in time seven years ago. And the, the, the phrase influencer marketing meant go out and find all the sources of influence that reach your customer and then go do your marketing on the podcasts and events and media and all these kinds of things. And now influencer, influencer marketing means go pay half naked people on Instagram to post with your product. And, um, that is not something that I'm particularly like passionate about or interested in. And I think that there's a ton of companies playing that game and in that particular market. And so, um, we're, we're kind of leaning against it. Uh, that being said, I have seen Instagram advertising be extraordinarily effective for new companies in a category. Right? So what, like, um. Do companies in a new category or new companies in a category? Uh, sorry. How about, how about this? Uh, people who are advertising in a category where there are a few other advertisers on Instagram. Okay. So, if you are an early adopter of Instagram advertising and you do a good job in, you know, tabletop games or whatever, um, women's swimwear. Obviously that is not a category that is empty right now. Um. Oh, I'm trying to remember, I, I, I met, um, a woman from Tomboy X, which is here in Seattle. Yeah. Yeah. And she was saying that like Instagram advertising has been extraordinary for them, um, because their product is, you know, a very visual, but then it, it is like many other consumer products on Instagram in that it's, um, they make a boy shorts, uh, boxer brief style boy shorts for women and a bunch of other clothing and also men. Um, but they, they appeal to a very like GLBTQ plus friendly, um, audience and like a very kind of alternative, uh, fashion. And their audience is fairly, it's fairly ditching, right? Yeah. And so they have had awesome success finding like the right accounts that those people follow on Instagram and then doing targeted stuff. So I, I, I think it can be effective, uh, as long as the sector isn't overrun. One more question. Oh. Okay. It's called, we'll take two. Okay, go ahead. Thank you. Um, if you have 35 investors, how do you contain them? Like how, how do you keep them at bay to make your, your daily decisions? Yes. Um. So question, the question is how do you keep 35 investors happy or in there or whatever and they, yeah, so they don't bother lucky. Uh, so this is the wonderful, wonderful thing about raising from busy entrepreneurs. I have heard from zero of them since closing the round except to get like, uh, congratulations that the round is closed and it was, it was announced. Um, they, they, they just literally, you know, they are there when I email them and say, Hey, I, you know, I'd like some help with this or those kinds of things, but otherwise totally hands off. I, I will say, I think I'm extremely privileged because a lot of these people are, you know, people that I, well, like half of them are people I've known. Many of them are people who are new to me as well in this round, but because they're professional investors or they make many investments and because they are very busy in their lives, not hearing from me for four years except getting a check is awesome. Right. Like that's, that's their dream come true. They, they, they think that's wonderful. They love that. And when I found people during the round, during the raise who were not like that, I did not call them back. Right. So I think that, that was also a self bias. There were a few people who were very active and sort of like, how are you going to do this? This, this, this, and I'm going to move it. Okay. All right. I think maybe. Yeah. Back off on a gas metal. Forget about that guy. Okay. So my question is like, I'm wondering for Spark, where like there's all sorts of businesses that would want to, you know, want to use this product. And then there's so many marketing mediums. So which marketing mediums like, are you going after initially and how do you weigh that decision? Because I've been in a marketing technology company where it's expensive to, you know, go to Twitter and then say, oh, do we want to go to Facebook? Do we want to go to Instagram? Yeah. Yeah. So basic story there is I always biased starting with organic, with brand and with content because advertising, once people have already come to know you, like you and trust you gets way higher ROI. I think that one of the biggest mistakes that startups make and many companies make is that they invest in advertising. Yeah. No one knows who they are. Yeah. It's super expensive. Yeah. If you've never heard of Tomboy X, it's not going to be nearly as effective as if you've already heard of them and been to their website once and now they're retargeting you. Same with, you know, Crowdcow or Spartaro or anybody else. And so I think this is the power of, you know, targeting people who are already in your crowd, which is why building that crowd, essentially website visits and email addresses are the bread of butter. Mike, can you make an exception to me? Last one. Okay. Question. Are you sure? This is a very important one. I think this is something that we must ask you. What do you think of Elon Musk's breakdown sort of scenarios in public and founder? Yeah. We all understand that there are very hard decisions that the founders have made in their lives can be, you know, in some situations. So then what is, you know, you've experienced it really well and you've also had your share of, you know, controversial things. Okay. Can that be shared publicly or simply very private? And for you, there were two amazing women in your life. There was this mother who was connected to the business and you had this amazing wife at home. You know, person like Elon Musk. Two wives have left him or he kicked them out. And the guy is looking for a date in public media. I mean, how, how would, how would CEOs, I mean, this, you know, how great CEOs resolve this kind of stuff. I mean, so much personal, but I think you're not a great person to do. So I'll just say that I don't, I don't know Elon personally or professionally. I don't, um, study sort of startup celebrity culture well enough to know all the things that have happened. I've heard obviously through the grapevine. I think my, just my like rough overview is consistency is really awesome and important. So if you are speaking out about this stuff and being transparent, like when you are feeling hurt, but not when other people are feeling hurt, that's kind of shitty. I don't, I don't love that. I think that, um, you should have, if you have, if you're having empathy for yourself, you need to have it for other people too. Yeah. I would love to see that equality from all sorts of startup leaders. And like I said, I don't know what Elon will say for certain, but my sense is he's gone, he's gone, yeah, he's written the tech bro toboggan pretty far down the path. The, the what toboggan? Tech bro toboggan. The tech bro toboggan. I like that. That's a tweetable moment. Tech bro toboggan. He's written too far. Probably too far. Even if he probably knows, he's written too far. And he did all this stuff saying, and we do that, you know, that's unfair. Yeah, I mean, I think that women are forced to uphold an impossible standard in this field and in like every professional field. For sure. It's not, it's not reasonable at all. And then, you know, guys like Elon are like lauded for, oh, you, you cry in public and displayed your emotions and sort of like, what the hell? This double standard sucks. We got to end that. Yeah. And we're, we're making progress today. Oh, it's so slow. Yeah. Let's get back here. Want to do some of those books? Oh, yeah. Let's, uh, I, I do have a couple of books. I, I have to, um, leave, I have to run, but I do have a couple of books. And so what I'm going to do is, uh, Marta, are you still? Marta? Yes. Oh, excellent. Um, would you, would you do me a favor and distribute these to some of the folks who asked excellent questions? Can I put them in charge of that? Oh, okay. Questions. If you could tell me, if you point out who they were. Uh, sure. Um, I have some questions. Outsourcing this to, uh. Um, I would say excellent questions. Oh, there's a lot of pointing. Yes. Pointing to the stripes. Yeah, the stripes. - Thank you. Thank you.