Welcome to the Star of Grime. So without any further ado, I'd like to welcome our guest tonight, Dan Fishkin, the author, great human being, and CEO of SparkTravel. Come on up, man. Wow, that is a crazy experience. You know, I don't know how long, I didn't look, but when you were here the last time, it was a while back. Sounds right. And the same thing happened, you know. And I probably felt just the same way. You know, I'll tell you, the... But Terry Crews was much less famous back then. Yes, exactly, but we wouldn't have known who Terry Crews was. There wouldn't have been one hand raised. I mean, that better. So it was funny, you know, the walking down the path, Glenn Coleman, the CEO of Redfin, he was here one evening, and he was just dreading that. I mean, he was just like, Mike, he's a new man, like, we just, that's what we do. So he was just... It's funny, because when I spoke at Redfin recently, he did something pretty similar. There was, in fact, a whole section of his team had made, like, these poster boards with my face on them. So, that guy's an effort. No, he totally did it. Because he was... You give him a hard time about that. He was not excited about that at all. So, well, thank you for being here. Thanks for taking part of your evening out. And, you know, thanks for just doing all the work you've done over the years. It's been, as you know, I'm a big fan of Rand Fishkin. And, you know, you've done some great things, and your point of view is awesome. So, I really appreciate you being honest and transparent and unique in that way, because not everyone has the ability to do that. So, and for those of you who have not been a good start, Brian, we'll do a 40-minute-ish, 45-minute chat interview here, and then we'll have a Q&A at the end. So, hold your questions to the end. Unless you just have a burning question you need to ask, feel free to ask it. No, you're not going to interrupt me at all. And if you want to get up and have a drink, you're not going to interrupt me at all. We'll totally be fine. So, again, just thanks for being here. It's an honor. I, like you, I love helping startups. I wish there had been more things like this, more people like all of you helping each other back when I was starting out. It's a lonely road. So, can you give us the short version of the starting of MAHs? Yeah, sure. Can you give us the short version of MAHs and how that started? Yeah, so I was basically in college at the University of Washington here in Seattle in 2001 and dropped out two classes away from graduating. Did you remember what that name was? No, no, no, no way. The story is way better this way. Anyone who's in marketing knows, story matters. The, yeah, the basic situation was I started doing web design for my mom's old school marketing agency. She was, like, making business cards and letterheads and logos and working with print shops to help local Seattle businesses. And I came aboard as, you know, web designer number one and did that for a few years. We sank deeply into debt. We went very, very badly. We made every mistake you can possibly make. And then I started a website on the side called SEO Moz. And the reason I started that is because I was having to learn SEO, the reason being basically that we were unable to pay our SEO subcontractors. And you can occasionally find, sometimes I'll send a tweet and one or two of those SEO subcontractors will send an angry tweet in response. Because they are still pissed that we never paid them, which I think is fair. Maybe we did eventually, but it took years for us to make that money. So SEO Moz got started as a blog and then it found some traction kind of in the second year of my blogging and writing. I got invited to a few events and we scraped together the money to pay for them. I, like, you know, stayed at my grandparents' house and took a plus into New York to be able to go to this stuff. And then we started getting clients for that. And those clients, unlike the ones that we have for web designing, they paid on time and in full. And we were able to dig ourselves out of that hole of debt. And in 2007 we launched a piece of software or a collection of software tools and that kind of took off because we had built this audience of people who wanted SEO software. And there was, there was almost no market port. So even though those tools were very, very, very primitive at the time, it was, it was great market timing and we had the right audience. And so that helped us to gain traction. We raised a round of venture at the end of that year. And I became the CEO and was the CEO for the next seven years. And Moz basically grew from, what was that, maybe $400,000 in software revenue to about $30 million. And then I stepped down as CEO in 2014, promoted my longtime chief operating officer, Sarah Bird, who still is Moz's CEO today. I was there for four years as an individual contributor and left February 28th and started SparkToro on March 1st because I wanted a few hours of vacation. So yeah, absolutely. I mean, that was long enough. Yeah, absolutely. So let's talk kind of about the, the interesting part of the raising money of SparkToro, kind of the method behind that. It's super unique. I mean, this is, I've interviewed 120 people over the last five, six years, and this is the most unique way to raise money. But it also is, makes a ton of sense. So, explain that. Sure, I'll give you the broad philosophy behind it, which is I have a personal, I think, sort of mission to make it so that more kinds of people and more kinds of businesses can be successful in the startup world. So I think that, I think that it's largely bullshit that you need to fit the venture capital model of, you know, six, whatever it is, four to six percent of venture investments return the appropriate amount of capital or more to the fund. And the other 95 percent fail to do that. And thus, in those 95 percent of cases, founders, early employees, and people all around the business, including customers, don't benefit. No, no, no. Yeah, get very little benefit. And I think that, I think that that model works fine if you are an investor. In fact, it can work very well if you're an investor. Because the math works out. You make 100 investments, it doesn't matter if 95 of them fail, but five will make up for it. But I'm not an investor. I only get to put all my time and energy and love into one company every 10 to 20 years. I don't know how you did six, but it's amazing. Well, I failed a couple times, so that was easy. Oh, it was great. Yeah, that else, that else. I'll give you more. But I think that those statistics are not in our favor, right? And if you are a founder, it doesn't make sense to play that game. And I also believe that a ton of businesses that would be successful are forced into a path that causes premature death, that causes them to have to be a hare, not a tortoise. And if they were tortoises, they could have won. They could have waited for their market to take off. They could have stayed profitable, but maybe been smaller, but still plenty successful and made lots of money for their founders. And so what I wanted to do with the SparkToro funding round is hopefully, I mean, dear God, hopefully SparkToro goes well, right? But prove that there is another way that can make good money for investors and give a lot more flexibility and options to founders. And so the way the round is structured is that essentially SparkToro is an LLC, not a C Corp, which is unusual. We raised $1.3 million from about 35 angel investors. So let me ask a question about that. So the biggest check was what? One hundred and two thousand dollars. It's a small round view number. That's nice. One or two and the smallest. I think that was Dharma Shah. And he told me that if I let him take me out to dinner, he would explain why it was 102. And so I'm waiting for that. I haven't gotten to do that yet. And the smallest was what? 25? Ooh, I think maybe there was someone at 15? Okay. So basically 15 to 100. Yeah. Okay. Okay. So across the board, right? Again, a fairly wide array. And those folks own units in the LLC, which is common in sort of like law firms. It's actually very common in venture capital firms as well, right? Anytime you have a partnership organization, people own units in the LLC. And this means a few things. This means that when the company is profitable, we have the option to pay our profits out in profit share. And basically we have a requirement similar to venture capital where we pay 1x our investors amount. So let's say, Mike, that you are our only investor and you put in 1.3 million. The first 1.3 million in profit that we decided to pay out go right back to you. So after that, everyone gets paid their percentage of the profit. Pro-rout. Pro-rout. Yep. So again, sort of similar to how you do venture, but you could potentially make that for 40 years, right? SparkToro is a long running company. You could be getting checks every year for a long, long time. And that means that the company does not have to sell or go public for you to be able to make money. And that means that SparkToro could be a $2 million a year business that returns vastly more to its angel investors than most venture-style investments, which is insane. Like when we spreadsheeted it out, we went, wait a minute, this can't be right. Now granted, you need a higher success rate to make this work. Sure. But I think that's built in. I think that if you have businesses that are designed to grow profitably rather than to burn capital as quickly as possible to either become the monopoly in their space or to die trying, you have a higher success rate. You will have something that looks more like the standard, you know, U.S. small business administration statistics, which are like 50% of businesses survive five years or longer. Four years they're gone. Four years they're gone. Within five years, 40% of companies, no, within four years, 50% of companies are gone. Okay, okay, right. Yeah, so, right, and I think with startups, your five-year, four or five-year survival rate is like 14% or so. So you have dramatically reduced your odds once you take venture, but you've increased your odds of like becoming a billionaire hockey stick. Yeah, yeah, the hockey stick mentality, right? So that's essentially the way the round works. I mean, there's... So those investors, those investors, the 35 people, can I just... If I'm one of the 35, can I exit out of that? You can sell your units. I can sell my units, right? Absolutely. Yeah, you could. It's pretty liquid. I mean, it's no less liquid than an investment in another private startup. Actually, I should clarify. It is more liquid because in a lot of those cases, the venture investors have some rights or some abilities to stop private sales or those kinds of things. There's also a bunch of weird stuff around 4-9-A valuations and legal issues. So I guess you might say this has some more liquidity in there. Yeah, it's just definitely easier. Yeah, it should be generally easier. Absolutely easier. And so you have this different format and the plan is you're going to make it work however you need to make it work. Well, so you don't have to hire... You don't have to spend your 1.3 in the next 12 months. I think this is the most... So Chris Savage, who's one of our investors, he's the founder of Wistia, and he wrote about this on his blog a couple weeks ago, right? And his perspective was the reason I made this investment is because I don't think there's something wrong with the traditional angel and venture model. Like you can make money that way. A lot of people have. However, I think it's crazy to say this company that is just starting out today will either be a unicorn or nothing. What if it's something in the middle that could do really well for its investors if the structure was right? And so SparkToro might be... Who knows? Maybe SparkToro will be like Moz. Maybe in a few years, it'll be doing $50 or $75 million in revenue. Okay. Well, then the venture model could work, right? That's fine. But if it turns out that this market size is smaller or we can get traction or the execution is not great or a million reasons, right? But things go sideways. It doesn't need to be those things. I think that's the fundamental belief from a lot of the investors is, oh, this seems really smart to not force yourself so early to have this one and only one structure. Yeah. Well, because I mean, every investor knows, as you and I know, you're wrong. Day one, you're wrong. Guarantee you. For sure. You don't know how. No. But you know you are. But you know you are, right? So you know you're wrong. It's just like, okay, I don't know what's wrong yet. So give me some time to figure out what you want and I'll all make it right. Yeah. Well, so I think one of the very interesting points that this sort of flexibility triggers is that there's this idea that you can make money from a bunch of different kinds and sizes of companies and that that removes the bargaining power of future investors, which I think is a good thing. I think we should all want to have the bargaining power in our own companies. I think that's actually really important. And I mean, this is a little, this is more on the philosophical side, but like I frankly do not have interest in building a monopoly. I don't think the monopolies are good for the world or people or the United States or just any of us. So I don't have passion around wanting to build a monopoly, but you are venture backed. You have to want to do that. I'm trying to remember, I was having a conversation with someone just, yeah, right, we were chatting about like, yeah, you want it, like you're analyzing market categories, right, and you're seeing that, oh, you know, a ton of the substantial chunk of the benefit of the profits, right, the margins in any category goes to the category winner and very little goes to, comparatively little goes to player two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten. That sucks. That's dumb. Let's change that. I think that concentration of wealth is a bad thing. I think that's one of the only things that Americans agree on with like a very small number of billionaire exceptions, right, and so I think that's something that things like this can start to do, and this is not, I mean, this is hard right now. I'm not going to try and say, right, like, oh, everyone can do this. Everyone should do this. That's going to be a struggle, but if a few of us can do it, right, then that gets easier, right, that road becomes paved, that path becomes well-trodden, and other people can take it, so. Yeah, the fourth guy that does this is going to be easier than you guys. So there have already been, I think, two or three others who have used our paperwork, because we open-sourced our documents so that, you know, if you wanted to use it, you wouldn't have to like pay an attorney to go structure it the same way. We open-sourced the docs and put them on SparkToro, and a couple people have already used that. That's great. Yeah. Who else? Who else is using it? I don't remember the names. I mean, I'll, and I don't know if they have publicly talked about using them either, so. That's, yeah. Yeah. That's a great idea. I mean, that's a weird question. Yeah, just a question about your founder's shares in terms of the investment of the angels. Did you guys structure it in a way that you guys had a smaller portion in the beginning and increase it with a ton of with your, like, your efficient work, or you got bigger chunks and you just, I don't know, you did it the other way. Yeah, so the way we did it, we talked about doing it in a number of ways. The question, by the way, was how do our founders compensate it, and how does that change our time? Yeah, and that's a very fair question. So basically, Casey and I get a salary equal to, up to, the Seattle software engineer average, right? So sort of whatever level one software engineer makes it, Microsoft, Amazon, et cetera, that is what we make until we pay our investors back 1.3, the 1.3 that they initially put in, at which point that goes up to two times the average. So I think right now that's one, around 150, and it would go up to as much as 300 that we could be paid in salary. And then, once we pay our investors back to 1.3, everybody participates pro-rata. So Casey and I own right around 75 percent? Yes, he just had a value. It was just straight. So we did a price round, right? We didn't try and do a convertible node or anything like that. Because, similar to YC Safe, right? Like the way that Y Combinator starts with their thing, the non-priced round thing did not make sense because we knew that we did not want to have someone price it in the future. So it wouldn't make sense. Yeah, it wouldn't make sense. You had to do it. Yeah. You had to price it. Yeah. And so, now you have this company, you have a little bit of money in the bank, and what's interesting to me is you could just be you, too, for a year. We are planning on hiring nobody, working from home, spending as little of that 1.3 as we possibly can. Most of the expense is going to health care. I'm serious, right? Health care in this country is insanely expensive for a two-person company. Yeah, it's unjustifiable. Yeah, exactly. So you guys, you have no outside pressure saying you need to grow fast or why don't you do this. It just doesn't exist. I mean, I think that the pressure is certainly there to prove that this works. Absolutely. But the pressure is not do it fast, it's do it right. Yeah. I like that a lot better. Well, that's the, I mean, in, you know, defense, I think Seattle has a lot more of that mentality versus mentality. I have to tell you, so I had a call with an investor from Silicon Valley. It was, it was, well, it was my favorite call with an investor. I mean, he said no, right? But, but like the way he said no, the derision in his voice, just the, the, you're the stupidest person I've ever talked to. This will never work. The ground's not going to get it done. This company sounds like a great idea, but if you're serious, you need to raise, you know, in the traditional way. And I swear to God, just that one person alone, I want to build this company and have it be a world leader just because of him. Yeah. Right? There's no, there's no better way to get a founder just like, oh, oh, I'm going to make this work than to tell, than to tell me, you know, you can't. Exactly. And the, you know, the, what, oh, you know, we haven't even talked about this. What the heck sparked our own? Sure. Right. Yeah, so one minor thing. So the fundamental idea that I encountered a lot with Moz was basically if there are not already a lot of people searching for what you do, right? So you make, one of my favorite examples is to use Crowd Cow here in Seattle. Anybody? Crowd Cow. People don't know what Crowd Cow is? Lots of people. Okay. Lots of people. So apologies to our vegetarian audience members. Crowd Cow is basically crowdsourcing a side beef, right? So they, they work with small farmers, ranchers all around the United States now and a bunch in Japan. So you can order like eight, five wagyu and all that kind of stuff. And they will, you know, get you very, very high quality beef that tastes dramatic. It's dramatically different from the stuff that you could buy at a grocery store or even at a butcher, at most butcher shops. And then they freeze your packet and send it to your door. And it's an awesome business. And you can let me try it. Yeah. Totally. They're doing amazing. Because it's so good, right? But nobody, I mean, next to nobody searches for buy steak online. It just doesn't happen, right? Nobody goes on the internet and is like, ah, I need a ribeye. No, like we're, we're sort of trained as Americans to think of beef as a commodity. And so this whole idea of like craft beef and oh wait, beef can taste as